Well, to my fellow councilmembers and to the members of the public, I’m so pleased and honored to have been a member of the Alpha Phi Alfa Fraternity Inc. since 1988, which is a 36-year term of service and being part of an organization that has meant so much in our country in terms of enhancing the quality of life of so many people. And look at these distinguished men and how accomplished they look - the representatives- and how they are - who’s applauding? Hahah ( laughing)- They are, they are very distinguished! But the Alpha Phi Alfa Fraternity Inc. was founded in 1906 and I’ll just read a little bit about the fraternity and also a little bit about the Alpha Phi Alfa Fraternity Inc. and also as I recognize Vice-President Netherly. “ Whereas Alpha Phi Alfa Fraternity Inc. the first intercollegiate Greek letter fraternity established for black college students, was founded at Cornell University in Ithica New York, in 1906, whereas Alpha Phi Alfa Fraternity Inc. in a period of 90 years went from one undergraduate group of 7 members to an international organization with active memberships of over 150 000 members, and the national organization is now the central organization to many subordinate chapters and whereas Alpha Phi Alfa Fraternity Inc. was founded on the precepts of manly deed, scholarship and law for all mankind, and whereas Alpha Phi Alfa Fraternity Inc. the Southwest Regional encompasses the great states of Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma and Texas and is holding its 78th Southwest Regional conventional, in our great city of New Orleans and we are so honored to have members from throughout the nation - and especially the southwestern region here and whereas Alpha Phi Alfa Fraternity Inc. for 78 years, the brothers of the southwest region here- promoted strong character, community service, high scholastic achievement and the completion of college, so now, therefore be it proclaimed by the city of New Orleans that the New Orleans City Council recognizes and celebrates the life, and time and contribution of the Alpha Phi Alfa Fraternity Inc. Today I present this proclamation to Southwest regional Vice president Jeramaine O. Netherly and I say thank you for your service and thank you to the great Alpha Phi Alfa Fraternity Inc. for all that you do for people to enhance the quality of life for mankind. Please everyone, if you would join me in a round of applause for these brothers. And I’m gonna ask Council President Moreno and Council Member King if they have anything they’d like to add?
Thank you, councilmember Green; I think you really, you know, drove the point home of just the appreciation that this city council has for your fraternity, for all that you do, not just in our community but across the nation. We truly appreciate how much you give back, you know, this isn’t just a social fraternity; it’s really about giving back to your communities and we are so appreciative of that, but also to the point of the role models that you are for young men. So thank you for that, as well. So, of course, we welcome you to the City of New Orleans, for those of you who are not from here. We’re excited to have you Regional Conference here and we hope that you have a wonderful time. Thank you for being here.
I just want to say congratulations to the men of Alpha Phi Alfa Fraternity Inc. A lot of great men; not good but great men over the years have come through your organization, so thank you all for all the great work that you do for this city. Not just during this weekend but yearound, we appreciate it.
Brothers, in the spirit of our black and gold, you know that I’d be there today with recognizing hum prostate and colon cancer survivors in black and gold, and it’s our theme color for the day but today, I will celebrate with you in terms of my attire . But please Vice President Netherly add to my comment.
Awesome! Madame President, brother Green and members of the City Council, once again I wanna say thank you very much. My name is Jeramaine O. Netherly I am the Vice President of Southwestern Regional Alpha Phi Alfa Fraternity Inc. bringing you greetings and all the brother of Arkansas, Oklahoma and Louisiana. So, while I do have a small contegency of brothers here with me and I do appreciate them coming, I wanted to let you know that I have over 1100 brothers that will be joining me in this city to enjoy the culture and the cuisine that is the city that is New Orleans. So thank you so very much for always making accommodations for us, and thank you for supporting our brothers that are here in the city and love and support this great city. Thank you so much.
I didn’t want to be late but I’ll be with y’all tonight. I’m one of the speakers, so, love yall.
So what we’re gonna do is: I’m gonna ask you all to come around and Councilmembers are gonna come down and what we’re gonna is we're gonna do our best to take a picture with the representatives who are here today. So come on around. And we’ll present this proclamation. [ Councilmemebers and members of the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. take pictures and socialize. ]
Roll Call: Councilmember Thomas (“Here!”), Councilmember Green, Councilmember Morell, Councilmember Moreno ( “Present!”), Councilmenber King, Councilmenber Harris, Councilmenber Giarrusso. We have five members; we have a quorum.
Thank you, Madam Clerk. Pastor Boutin will be leading our prayer; for those who can stand, please do so.
Let’s bow our heads in a moment of prayer. Precious Father, how we thank you, how we honour you, how we adore you, we give you praise and thanks for this day that you’ve given us. God, we pray right now that as we come together to pray that you would be in our midst. God, we pray for our counsel that you would continue to crown with knowledge with wisdom, with guidance to God as they lead our city. We thank you for our residents who are here today. We thank you for those who are here to meet for the betterment of this city, father. We ask, right now, that your peace be here right now in this place and that everything be done in order and in decency in your name. We pray this prayer today. Amen.
Councilmember Harris will lead the Pledge. ( Room turns to the flag of the United Statse and recites the Pledge of Allegiance, led by Councilmember Harris .)
Special orders of business. The first, second, and third order of business - presentation Dr. Jennifer Avegno, Director of the New Orleans Department of Health; Dr. Jordan Vaughn, Public Health Clinical Director - New Orleans Health Department; Dr. Dwight McKenna, Orleans Parish Coroner; Dr. Jeremy Dumas, Chief Medical Officer, Inclusivcare, Dr. Eric Griggs, Access Health Louisiana, Dr. Valentine Nfonsam, ( I’m sorry if I mess your name) Chair of LSU Surgery Department and Representatives from the Louisiana Cancer Center, Tulane Medical Center, Oshner Health, Touro LMC Health, and prostate and colon cancer survivors. The honorees: Frank Robertson - Councilmember at Large JP Morrel, Augusta Malveaux, Council member at large Helena Moreno, Ernest Sholih, Jr - Coucilmemenr District “C” Freddie King III, The Benjamin & Yancey Foundation, Councilmember District “D” Eugene J. Green, Jr. Kara Jonhson, Councilmember District “E” Oliver M. Thomas, Jr.
This is already a successful morning. I wanna thank our panelists today for being willing to share the information that you have and your passion for wanting to help people, to heal people, and to help and to help people move forward in excellent health. I wanna tell you that today, my remarks are very simple. We lose too many people to prostate cancer and colon cancer, colorectal-related illness and disease, and the more that we talk about it, the more, I think, that people will be willing to do the screening that is necessary, the testing that is necessary. And you, by being here today, may help someone, but you certainly have already because I’ve already gotten phone calls from people who just appreciate the fact that professionals such as yourself are coming to talk a subject that we don’t talk about =enough, we need to talk about more, and if we talked about more, we could save lives. Before we move forward with your presentation with Dr. McKenna, I’d like to ask Counselman Freddie King if he would introduce a special guest who has a special gift for all of us today.
Thank you, councilmember Green; it is my great pleasure to introduce Abigail Marie King. She is going to start the day off with a musical. So we’re gonna do what we did at home. Coming from Algiers, Louisiana, I present to you, Abigail Marie King
Abigail Marie King plays a musical piece.
Thank you, Abigail and thank you, mom for the piano lesson and thank you councilmember Green
And who is Mom? Tell us who is mom and are the members of the beautiful King family who are here. WHat a beautiful family
Freddie Kind introduces his family.
Thank you Abigail, for starting us off in that very very worthy way.Let’s get them a round of applause it’s a beautiful family ( Thomas King thank him.) Now I’m gonna turn over to Dr. McKenna, and for a little while, and I will say this. I appreciate the members of the council for allowing three orders of business today to be dedicated to such an important subject matter, certainly colorectal and prostate cancer; we know the devastating effects that it has on our communities. And even before we move forward, I wanna thank Lenna Stewart and also my attorney Legislative Director Monique Green - Not related- also hum - I just gotta always make that clear- also at the end of the day, their work and the work of the councilmembers in Thomas’ office and in my office and the contributions that all the councilmembers made is greatly appreciated. This is a subject that is near and dear to my heart. I think that everybody probably knows someone that either, you know, suffer from prostate or colon cancer or passed away from it. The more we can talk about it the better. So, I wanna thank everyone who made today possible. Dr. McKenna, why don’t you just get us started off please.
Well I’ll certainly thank the city council for getting us here today to talk about these two serious diseases which have certainly ravaged the country and internationally for that matter. Prostate cancer, of course, is the most common cancer in men and colorectal cancer is in the top 3 or 4 in both men and women, when you look at statistics, surrounding it. Both of these cancers are slow growing and give us an opportunity to diagnose them early if we do the proper screening, so that we could - these are two cancers, while prevalent, give us a chance to improve our survial rate with early detection; because they are the two of the cancers where there are early detection methods that are available to us, and certainly in cancer, the most important thing is early detection and your outcomes are always better when you can find cancer early and then use one of the myriad of treatment that have evolved over the years in both of these treatments as a matter of fact. The treatments range from very simple observation to radical surgery and it’s important to catch it early so you can make those kinds of appropriate decisions as to which course may be better for you. So, the distinguished panel memebers here probably have more information than I do. Certainly I’ve spent 40 years as a surgeon and have had tremendous clinical experience with, not prostate cancer but colon cancer. So, I think that the more you talk about it, the more awareness that we can bring, the more people understand that we can intervene at earlier stages and the earliest intervention is the best treatment so, with all of that in mind, I will turn the microphone over to Dr. Dumas since he’s to my left.
Building on what Dr. McKenna has said, early detection is key. Prostate cancer, colorectal cancer, are very, very slow-growing cancers in the big picture of cancer. You can detect those early, and you can make a difference. There’s a reason why if you have a colonoscopy and it looks good, they may tell you to come back in ten years or five years; it’s gonna take that long for something to come up that’s gonna be of significance. The problem comes when you don’t get that screening, you’re 45, and you’re gonna think about it later. You’re 50, and you’re gonna think about it later. Maybe you get busy at 52 or 53, and you start having problems at 54, and we see this a lot, and now you’re afraid because now I’ve been having some issues, and an amazing amount of people are afraid to go the doctor because they don’t wanna hear what’s going on. The ostrich theory of medicine and health care will never work. You can’t bury your head in the sand and pretend that it doesn’t exist. We run into a little bit more difficulty; our clinics are primarily on the West Bank and primarily in the African American community. If you’re gonna look at prostate cancer, even colorectal cancer, and - I’m not gonna have all the statistics, but we have a ton of smart people in the room who are gonna have these statistics for you. On the ground, we do still have trouble with screenings. The stigma of screenings, I mean, especially with colorectal cancer, we fight through that all the time. Different methods that you can use to screen for colorectal cancer: I still think that colonoscopy is going to be the best method. We consider that method more cancer prevention because if you see a polyp if you see anything you can snip it off, your chances of cancer are gonna be a lot less. But we realize that they’re also a certain percentage of people who are not gonna do a colonoscopy, so the recommendations have shifted a little bit due to the tests that the patients are going to do. So, that’s what you’re going to do now. If I can’t convince you to do a colonoscopy, maybe I can convince you to do a Cologuard. If I can’t convince you to do a Cologuard, maybe I can convince you to do a stool study, and I’m gonna bother you until you do. I’m gonna give the right of first refusal every single time I see you until you decide that it’s important enough to actually get it done because all of us up here can - we went to the same school, we know the same medicines, we can write the same prescriptions. That’s not the trick. The trick is convincing people that what you are telling them is important enough for them to actually do, and that’s where you’re gonna have to actually reach people individually. We try to figure out how to do that on a community-wide level, but that’s gonna be a bit more difficult, you know. We try to bring one person, and that person brings someone else in. You tell your brother, you tell your uncle, your auntie, and they’re gonna trust you probably more than they trust me, and if you say it’s okay, then it’s gonna be fine. Especially with prostate cancer; we know that in the African American community. The problem is that it’s probably twice as much and more lethal, so I do screen for that; I know what the recommendation is to have a discussion with your patient. I will discuss it briefly. It’s not really a “do you want it or not?” it’s more when I’m gonna get your labs I’m gonna send that in with you, and it’s probably gonna be, and that’s how we’ve been able to get our screens rate up and I’ve probably said enough, I’m gonna defer to anybody else that wants to jump in, but in the big picture both cancers are very preventable, they’re easily detectable. The screenings are painless despite what everybody thinks, and two of the big cancers that we can actually make a difference if you catch it early. So, there’s no reason that our cancer rate is that high for these two particular diseases.
So, good morning; again, thank you, Dr. and Mr. Green for inviting us. I’m a colorectal surgeon by training, and so I see a lot of colon cancer patients and a lot of rectal cancer patients. I’ve been in New Orleans a year and four months now. I came from Arizona where I was for eleven years, and I came here as a chief of surgery here and to run LCMC cancer service line. I can tell you - I’m just going to reframe the question a little bit more- colorectal cancer is the third most common cancer diagnosis in the United States and the second cause of cancer-related death. One hundred fifty thousand people will be diagnosed this year with colorectal cancer, and 50,000 of them will die. Ok, despite that, we’ve made significant progress in the last 30 years. Incidents of colorectal cancer in the last 30 years have gone down almost 12%. Almost 12%! The Affordable Care Act, expansion of Medicaid, significantly improved early access, early screening. In a recent paper, we’re just about to publish, we actually saw that now we are diagnosing colorectal cancer even earlier to people presenting an earlier stage than a later stage. Now, I can tell you that in those 30 years or so, we’ve seen a significant increase in colorectal cancer in younger patients. Twelve years ago, one of the papers we published actually showed that almost 84 % for rectal cancer and 64 for colon cancer and so what does that mean and not only that are significant disparities, right? We see younger patients, especially African American patients and Hispanic patients, being diagnosed at a much earlier stage, so I’m sure everybody here knows that the American Cancer Society, all of this early diagnosis screening prompting age, to reduce screening prompting to age 45. And 45, from our studies, is not good enough for black men and black women. We really think it should actively be lower than that because, between the ages of 40 and 44, we see an even higher spike in colorectal cancer. So, we’ve made progress; we’re screening better, with new techniques that people are dying less, believe it or not. The incidence of death is trending down because of new techniques, new modalities new treatment options that we have. Screening - I just want to particularly echo some of what the panelists have been talking about. Screening should be targeted. It’’s not one size fits all. Coming from Arizona where we had to target the border areas, we had to lobby the State Government to provide the funds for screening and education. Health education is key; significant impact to churches and worship places and those are the places where we can actually make a significant difference. I can tell you moving to New Orleans and working at UMC, nearly every patient of color I see presents with a more advanced disease. What that tells me - coming with stage four disease- they just don’t know, they have seen symptoms for a long period of time, they just don’t even know what’s going on, and so screening is key; education is key. That’s the only way we can move this needle a little bit.
Hello hello, good morning. As an emergency physician, I think a lot would question - and I guess that’s why I’m here- at the time in the emergency department that you are seeing me, it is way too late. There is a common echo and them that is frequently, you know, brought up here, and that’s the word of “screening.” Screening is so important and it’s pivotal that you do so for what makes for you. As you’ve heard here, there are many different methods of screening. There are blood tests, and physical exams, and you can work with your provider to figure out what is the best method for you to get to the best optimal health. The public health provider in me, as an employee of the Health Department, is saddened when I have to, unfortunately, go to a patient and tell them that the imaging that I got for them for their belly pain or their weight loss or for their frequent urination or for their inability to urinate. You know, blood in their urine, weight loss, at that point, a lot of times, it’s too late. And I hate to be graphic, but these are the things that our patients at that point are presenting with when with their primary care provider; they could have done testing, had doen the appropriate screening, and maybe would not have gone to that point. As others have also echoed, the survivability when you do the early screening and the detection; if it’s combined and if the cancer is confined, you know, at that point, your survivability for prostate cancer at that point is up to at least 98%. So, we are seeing that when you can intervene early, I mean you’re saving lives, you’re able to be there for your loved ones, and so if you don’t get anything else from today, I would like to just echo: screening, screening, screening; it’s important. And with colon cancer, we’re seeing that less. As before, we’re thinking or, I’m too young, it’s not time for me - regardless of your family history- a lot of times you may not have any symptoms. So that’s why it’s really important to talk about these things, to think about these things with your loved ones, to encourage others to do the same, even if that’s bringing your family members to the doctor and advocating, whatever you have to do, you know just advocate for your loved ones and bring them in so we can all be happy and healthy and have the ability to be with our loved ones.
Good morning everyone. I’m Dr. Anthony Jase. I’m a Director of Population Health with InclusivCare and originally I was supposed to be here for support, but my medical director, Dr. Dumas, dragged me up here ( smile), and I can piggyback on everything that all the panelists said this morning. We can spit out a bunch of statistics, we can use a lot of big words, but I like to always try to relate to my patients in Layman’s terms. And the bottom line is prostate cancer and colorectal cancer are two of the few cancers that we can completely cure or get rid of if we catch it early. Now, each of these cancers are associated with cancer signs or symptoms. You know, with colorectal cancer, you can have blood in your stool, you can have abdominal pain, you could have changes in your bowel habits. All of that, you have weight loss, same as prostate cancer in men. It can affect how you urinate. As you get older you know you develop these problems. What I like to impress upon the patient is don’t wait until you get problems because out of all of those symptoms that I just mentioned, the main one that I always hop on is not symptom at all.
Thank you, this has certainly been valuable thus far, I want to thank our health care professionals for these presentations that you’ve made on this particular day because of the way that we advertise and I know that here might be more people watching than usual, but also, this tapping will be shared with our community members through not only the newsletter that I do, but through other mediums, so I definitely want to thank you. We’re gonna have an opportunity in a second for the councilmemebers to comment and ask any questions. We do have an organization that is being recognized today as the Benjamin and Yancy Foundation, and I am going to ask Dr. Beth Bridge the Vice President and Co Founder to - she’ll take a couple minutes to tell us about it because persons who affected by this disease need to know that they are people and organizations who are ready to hear and help them get the ressources that they need. Dr Bridges.
Thank you, good morning. My name is Beth Bridges, and I am the co-founder and vice president of the Benjamin and Yancy Foundation. To my left is Mrs. Jean Benjamin-Vappie, President & Co-Founder of the Benjamin and Yancy Foundation, and to her left is Ms. Elizabeth Bridges Townsend who is our Media Director. Back in December of 2017, we founded the Benjamin and Yancy Foundation. It was named after two phenomenal educators who collectively had given 70 years of service to the Greater New Orleans Area. And they lost their fight to breast cancer. After that, Mrs. Jean Benjamin’s husband detected prostate cancer. And we realized there weren’t a lot of resources as you will. So, we decided to add that to our mission to address prostate cancer. We offer educational workshops, we do support meetings for men who have prostate cancer also to the breast cancer recipients, we do support things. We also do cancer kits. But, you know, I just attended a meeting two weeks ago in Washington DC. It’s called “The zero prostate cancer,” and we’re going to the hill, petitioning our congressmen to push this bill that’s gonna reach education, it’s going to do resource, and it’s gonna have men come in and have these tests done. It was also brought to my attention, at that meeting, that Louisiana - you know, we’re always the last on the first list, and the first on the last list- that in this particular state, we have more men dying from prostate cancer because of lack of screenings. So, we are petitioning all of you, the council, and all of these medical professionals to get behind us this year because we want to do a city-wide screening. Because children deserve to have a father, women deserve to have a husband, and households deserve to have a man. And we have to become our brother’s keepers, you know, to stop this cancer because if it’s caught early, it’s curable, and it’s treatable.
Thank you very much. And thank you for introducing Mrs. Jean Benjamin-Vappie, and Elizabeth Townsend, thank you all for the work that you do, and it’s making a difference because it's saving lives. So, at this time, for a minute, I’m gonna ask each member of the council to make comments but also to let members know that we have a segment where we’re gonna be recognizing survivors of prostate or colon cancer during that remarks, so I‘ll start with Councilmember Harris.
Thank you, Councilmember Green, for your commitment to this, and thank you to the panelists. I can tell you that my grandmother died from colon cancer because she was one of the people who stuck her head in the sand and didn’t get her checked and had uterine cancer that then spread to her colon so, you know, as much as we press men to get screened, women also need to be screened as well. So, you know, women also loud and clear, go get your colonoscopy. And you know, I’m a hypocrite right now because I have not gone to get one but I have one scheduled in April and I had the box that I could not use. So I was like, let me just go through this. So I am going to get checked but I would really encourage men and women to get screened because it is absolutely curable and you know, losing my grandmother to something that was curable is really upsetting. So thank you for being here today, thank you to the survivors and councilmember King, thank you for having your family here today to cheer us up on this day; that really should be celebrated. Thank you.
Well to all the panelists, thank you for your information, and thank you for the testimonials, and I want to just echo what has been echoed already: early screening is the key so, I know people personally who were screened early and were able to defeat this cancer and on the flip side, people who didn’t and it took them. So I just want to echo what has been said already; early detection, early screening, and that’s something that’s truly preventable and curable. Thank you.
Well, thank you to the entire panel for not only for being here but of course, for all of the work that you do in your profession and in your community every day. To be honest, let’s just call it like it is, I mean, so often people don’t want to get these tests because they’re embarrassed to get the test. They think that it’s, you know whether it’s too much of a violation even, some say, when talking about these tests. So I’m 46 years old, obviously, now I’ve hit the mark where I needed to get a colonoscopy or get an analysis done right. And so I went to my doctor, she informed me and, you know, just like councilmember Harris, who was talking about it - me too- here’s your little Cologuard box thing that came in the mail and just like councilmember Harris I’m going to be very honest I was like I am not sure if I can do this but you know to your point doctor, it’s what test works for you. So I called my doctor and said “You know what, can I just come in and get the whole colonoscopy?” She’s like “Absolutely!” Let’s set you up, let’s get you an appointment. And I thought I heard - I didn’t even hear - in my mind, it was: “Oh my God, this is going to be so terrible, this is going to be a horrible test and how am I going to drink this liquid and it’s going to be just awful” Can I just tell you it was not that big of a deal. It really was not that big of a deal. For me, because I have to eat all of the time - I’m one of those people who’s constantly eating- I am not going to be able to get up and have a big breakfast like that was the hardest part, and having to be on chicken broth the day before, like that was the hardest part of the whole thing. And I tell you this, when I finally got the test, for everyone who's listening let me just tell you about the test. So just like just like, I'm sure everyone else who's having their first colonoscopy, like “what is this going to be like, oh my gosh you know I'm just, I'm a little bit embarrassed, I don't know what's it going to be like.” Okay, it was so easy and I had the best nap I've had in like, I can't even remember! Okay? I mean I don't know exactly what kind of, you know, drugs you all use to, you know, make you go to sleep for those few minutes, but I'm telling you, I didn't want to wake up. I mean they were like “Miss Moreno you know we really got to get you going” and I'm like “Can I stay a little bit longer?” so, the test was so incredibly easy um, and I remember even coming back and telling you know fellow council members because I told them that I was going for a colonoscopy um how easy it was and ever since then to my friends who have been like maybe embarrassed or not wanting to do the test feeling a little reluctant. I've been constantly telling them just how easy it is, and I get it, the box is a little weird for some; it may be great but it's it was a little weird for me, but for those who you know opt to take, to get the colonoscopy it is so incredibly easy and the best part about it, you know, if you do go and get one and the results are fairly positive you don't have to come back for several years, which is also really great. So anyway, so that was my story that was my message it is incredibly easy all those thoughts you may have in your mind you can actually do away with them because it's super easy and once again if you get that colonoscopy you'll get some pretty good sleep too, so. Thank you all.
Councilman Thomas, thank you Council Member Green and the staff who worked on this. As I look at the panel, I see medical angels really, people I've worked with in the community: Dr Griggs over ten years ago, WBOK, we started a show, “get checked, get fit, get moving” focused on African-American men and women in their overall wellness. 30 years ago, Dr. McKenna, you did a commissioned study on black men and boys 30 years ago about their overall wellness just recently, the Brookings Institute came out with a report about how black men and boys are in jeopardy in the face of every social institution, from their wellness to their economic stability. CNBC just came out with a report Dr. Val that says that's our black men and boys are being left out of the economy. Dr. Dum's family has been committed to our medical Wellness for years it's 1.2 and 1.7% when you talk about these two cancers, especially as it relates to our mortality rate. I say that because overall wellness and general health is really not about race but when you talk about mortality race and disparity, it absolutely is about race. I was fortunate enough, and I am fortunate enough to have a doctor, during my general checkup and wellness, who didn't wait to ask for my permission to schedule it. Dr. McKenna scheduled it and told me what day I was gonna go, and I think I say that because for the men and women at the table; y'all have worked hard to make sure that we can live in spite of. Dr Val your comment it says what it tells you, and in the research and conversations that Dr Griggs and I have had, there's another indicator that led to Dr. McKenna's report on black men and boys that led to the work that LCMC does for overall wellness for Black folks that led to the efforts of Dr. Dumas and Dr. Val and others, and it says exposure to our environment. Those medical, those nutritional things, right the disparity that happens after the fact is one thing, but to understand what Charles Blow says and what it means to be African-American and step out of your door, the stresses of the environment that have an impact on not just our overall wellness but our ability and inability to fight diseases that are not just manifested for us. So Dr. Val when you said what did it what does it tells you it says that Society Dr. Griggs and Dr. McKenn, Dr. Dumas, Dr. Jase, young lady has to take a greater look at our exposure to stuff into stresses, into stress into disparities that other communities are not exposed to. Thank you.
" Thank you, Councilmember Thomas. Councilmembers, good morning I just want to say that I think it's so important to have this discussion publicly. I mean, I've said this so many times, whether it's about mental health, whether it's about breast cancer awareness, when we're here for that. I think, particularly when you're dealing with colorectal issues, it's even more uncomfortable, and maybe considered “gauche” to talk about it or impolite to talk about it out loud, but it's part of being a human being and something I think as Councilmember King, and as obviously all of you have said, that is easily preventable, easily treatable, and so much about this is destigmatizing and making sure that people know getting early care, getting early access to care, having a good healthy diet is the best thing that we can all do. So I appreciate you all continuing to lift this issue up and making sure that people know that you don't need to hide, it's okay. As Councilmembers Harris and Moreno said to go to the doctor and not be scared. The fear of going is actually worse than the going itself, so we appreciate that, and to council member King's daughter, I heard you playing upstairs, and it was great, thank you.
"
Thank you. This is a great morning. Our presenters have added so much and I know that those members of the public who are watching now or who are going to be watching in the future will appreciate the information that they got. We also have an opportunity to celebrate today some survivors of colon or prostate cancer, and I'm going to start off with a proclamation. I'm going to offer this proclamation and ask that it be myself, Councilmember Giarrusso, and Councilmember Harris, they know this guy very well. Whereas the City of New Orleans is renowned for its food festivals, famous citizens, and foreign visitors, and whereas the City Council takes great pride in paying tribute to events and activities now. Therefore being proclaimed by the City of New Orleans that the New Orleans City Council recognizes someone who's part of our team, Derek Broomfield. Derek Broomfield is a prostate cancer survivor, he's also a member of the council security team, and this proclamation says that we wish you the best and a permanent recovery from this disease. Thank you for sharing your success with others who can benefit from knowing your story. Stand for a second Mr. Broomfield so that people can see and we're going to take a picture afterward but Mr. Broomfield. Thank you for always being willing to talk about your survival and also how you can help others in that respect. I also have a proclamation for an organization that was introduced today they are an organization whose members are committed to helping other citizens other residents respond to and survive lives in the midst of the breast cancer and prostate cancer challenges especially, but I'm so pleased to recognize with those same proclamation words the Benjamin and Yancy Foundation. Thank you for your commitment to helping and recognizing survivors of breast cancer and prostate cancer. Your work emphasizing early detection is paying great dividends in our community, and we'll present this proclamation at the front, but thank you very much for the work that you've done and for also continuing to shine the light on what you experience and how what you experience can help others -the way it can help others- thank you. [Applause]
This next recipient; I've known for quite some time, and the men and women at the table can tell you that people who face mortality and survive it, there is something different about them, and I never really knew why this person and their Humanity even when you would talk to them, but you would be in their presence, right? You could feel their spirit, and now I know why. I know why Carol Johnson's humanity is bigger than who she is as a person and why when you're in her presence you can feel the fact that she puts others first, and she puts herself second, and why she's a great servant, but now I know because I didn't know that she was a survivor and this is the reason why the city council takes great pride in paying tribute to events and activities now. Therefore be it proclaimed that we recognize Cara Johnson survivor prostate and colon cancer awareness. Difficult roads can lead to beautiful destinations. There's always hope beyond what you see. My hope is that people would not have to face their morality or face a time when they were on the bottom looking up but that God could give them humanity so that people could see it no matter what they're going through, and Carol represents that. Say God bless you. [Applause]
Ok, Council President Helena Moreno.
Thank you, Councilmember Green. The person who I'm honoring today is the father of Greg Malvo. Greg works in my office and his father Augusta Malvo is a survivor of prostate cancer. Unfortunately he wasn't feeling well today and isn't able to be with us but we wanted to celebrate him, celebrate his life, and celebrate the fact that he made it through this very difficult circumstance and I'll present this particular proclamation to Greg. Thank you. [Applause]
Thank you. Councilmember Freddy King.
Thank you Council Member Green I am handling the proclamation for - man you’re right on time right on, no go- okay well, I am presenting this proclamation to someone who is near and dear to me; my uncle Ernest Shalow Jr. he is a prostate cancer survivor and I have it. I'm going read a snippet from it. It says be it proclaimed by the City of New Orleans that the Council recognizes Ernest Shalow Jr. for his perseverance and his battle and successful battle with prostate cancer. [Applause]
Council Vice President Morell.
Thank you. Sorry for my tardiness. My proclamation today is for Sergeant Frank B. Robertson III where are you out there Sergeant Robertson? There you are! Thank you so much for being here today. Sergeant Robertson was diagnosed with stage 2 prostate cancer prostate cancer on December of 2022 and he was assured it was treatable, and on March 4th 2023, Frank decided to undergo a radical prostatectomy to remove the cancer which was successful, and I also believe you're retiring from NOPD soon too, last Friday. So thank you for your service, we really appreciate you being here today and all the time you spent serving our city.
As I mentioned, this has been a very special day. I again want to thank the members of the council who deferred, relative to the special orders of business, so that we could cover this very very important topic. I certainly want to thank our presenters. You have many things that you could be doing today but you're here because of your commitment to the community and I'm going to ask everyone to give our presenters a round of applause too. We appreciate the work you do. I want to thank departments in the city such as the Department of Property Management for the work that they did to help out, and I mentioned the names already but you know a lot of staff members on different levels. Council District E, and Council District D, worked on this, but I do want to recognize two points people who are very sincere, and also did a good job today to make sure that we had the recognition in place and also that we have done those things that it takes to make this a successful day. So, once again, please join me in a round of applause for Miss Lena Stewart and attorney Monique Green for that work. And so, at this time, we're going to come as a counsel before here and take a picture with our survivors, so that we can get everybody in. I'm going to divide it up with the survivors first and then our presenters. Thank you very much for today; very successful day.
All right Madam Clerk, you can start reading the consent agenda.
The consent agenda. We have a communication from Erin Spears Chief of Staff and Council Utilities Regulatory Office; this should be marked received. We have a communication from Rick Hathaway Director Department of Public Works in the City of New Orleans, this should be marked received and referred to the Public Works Committee. On page four, a communication from Rick Hathaway Director of the Department of Public Works in the City of New Orleans, this should be marked received and referred to the public works committee. We have a communication from Carrie Cottone, PHD. Assistant Director, New Orleans Mosquito, Termite and Rodent Control Board, City of New Orleans, this should be marked receiver and referred to the public works committee. We have a communication from Eldridge A. Morris, Risk Manager, Risk Management Division, Chief Administrative Office, City of New Orleans, this should be marked received and referred to the public works committee. On page five, we have a communication from Amy B. Trepagnier, Director of Personnel, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service, this should be marked received and referred to the economic development committee. We have a communication from Amy B. Trepagnier, Director of Personnel, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service, this should be marked received and referred to the economic development committee. We have a communication from Amy B. Trepagnier, Director of Personnel, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service. Amendment to the classified paid plan Health EMS. On top of page six, we have a communication from Amy B. Trepagnier, Director of Personel, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service, Amendment to the classified paid plan police crime lab, this should be marked received and referred to the budget committee as well as the one before it. On top of page seven, we have a communication from Amy B. Trepagnier, Director of Personnel, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service, amendments to the classified paid plan Sewage and Water Board legal this should be marked received and referred to the budget committee. We have a communication from Amy B. Trepagnier, Director of Personel, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service, amendments to the classified paid plan mosquito control this should be marked received and referred to the budget committee. We have a communication from Amy B. Trepagnier, Director of Personnel, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service, to the classified paid plan annual leave this should be marked received and referred to the budget committee. On top of page 10 we have a communication from Paulo Rosa, 2430 North Rampart Street this should be marked received, suggested hearing date is April 4th. We have a communication from David O’Reilly, 518 South Rampart Street, this should be marked received; suggested hearing date April 4th. We have a report of Kirschelle Mc Gowan, Deputy Police Monitor, Office of the Independent Police Monitor, this should be marked received. On top of page 11, we have a report of Elizabeth Boyer, Orleans Paris Sheriff’s office, this should be marked received. We have a report of the Executive Director of the City Planning Commission this should be marked received suggested hearing date April 4th. We have a report of Anita Curran, Council Research Officer, New Orleans City Council, this should be marked received. On top of page 12, we have ordinance calendar number 34555 by Councilmember Harris, zoning docket number 86/23. We have ordinance calendar number 34556 by Councilmember Harris, municipal addresses 2321 through 2323 Canal Street, zoning docket at 87/23. On top of page 13, we have ordinance calendar number 34558 by Councilmember Harris, municipal addresses 16001 through 03 South Norman Francis Parkway, zoning docket 91/23. We have ordinance calendar number 34560 by Councilmember Harris, municipal address 130 South Telemachus Street, zoning docket number 124. On top of page 14, we have ordinance calendar number 34561 by Councilmember King, municipal address is 342 Olivier Street, zoning docket 324. We have ordinance calendar number 34562 by Councilmember Giarrusso, 7457 St Charles Avenue, zoning docket 124. On top of page 15, you have ordinance calendar number 34562 by Councilmember King, municipal address 4001 Burman Highway, zoning docket 524. You have ordinance calendar number 3456 4 by Councilmember Giarrusso, municipal address is 7634 Oak Street, 1125 Adam Street, zoning docket is 624. On top of page 16, you have ordinance calendar number 34564, 1518 Terpishore Street, zoning docket at 824. You have a motion line over M 2467 by Councilmember Thomas, by request Criminal Justice Committee recommended approval. On top of page 17 we have a motion line over M 2485 is being taken off of the consent agenda and deferred to April 18th. You have motion M 24103 by Councilmember Giarrusso by request. The questionnaire was received, the Government Affairs Committee recommended approval. You have on top of page 18 motion M 24105 by Councilmember Giarrusso by request. The questionnaire was received, the Governmental Affairs Committee recommended approval. We have motion M24 106 by Council member Green by request the questionnaire was received, Governmental Affairs Committee recommended approval. On top of page 19 you have motion M24 107 by Council members Morel, Moreno, ,Giarrusso, King and Thomas, the Council Utility, Cable, Telecommunications and Technology Committee recommended approval. You have resolution 24108 by Councilmembers Morel, Moreno, Giarrusso, King, and Thomas. The Utility, Cable, Telecommunications and Technology Committee recommended approval. Those are all the matters on the consent agenda.
Thank you, Madam Clerk, we have a public comment first from Antonio Cush you can come up, you have two minutes, followed by Amanda Fairy Goog
Good morning, ( one of the Councilmembers says “good morning” to which he responds: “how you doing? All right.) So, my comment ( One of the councilmembers interrupts him and asks him to get closer to the microphone) hear me now? It’s better? ( “yep, yep, perfect thank you”) yeah, good morning, I'm Antonio Kusa I’m a 34-year-old resident of New Orleans since 2012. Originally from Alabama. In the interest of brevity, I'm not going to go into too much detail, but to say my comment on issue 12 of the agenda of basically how you all are allowed to take vacation times and how you're paid for it. I'm not for it, I'm not against it, I just don't care. I think there are other issues that are a lot more pressing that should be on the agenda; such as the 600 officers deficit that we are facing in the City of New Orleans. I think accountability among the city council; issues of who's going to be the next mayor and that being the topic of conversation in a lot of these meetings; I think those things are more important. I think it's more important that we have transparency for the citizenry and accountability for the actions of the council, in regards to how you all are paid outside of the city council. For example, Andrew Chisolo's company Wind and Partners is being paid by several Council members, of which I have a list for services for services, with government contracting and what have you. We don't know why you're paying your coworker outside of the business. It seems to be a conflict of interest when you all are here to represent our interest and what we need and we have residents who can't have lights, who don't have water, but we're here to address vacation time, and who's going to get paid, and how we're going to divide up the money for vacation time. I think it's a slap in the face of the citizenry to have these types of things on the agenda when we have more pressing issues and to that, I'm representing the organization Take Back Nola Initiative where we are going to take actions to bring these issues to the forefront and demand changes within the way our government is run.
That's your time Mr Cush, thank you so much
That's two minutes?
That was two minutes. Thank you, appreciate it. Amanda Amanda Ferrygood, you're up next, followed by Michael Eric Burside.
Good morning, my name is Amanda Amanda Ferrygood I am a second-semester graduate student at the University of New Orleans. New Orleans is rich in history and culture. It is important that we do what we can to preserve that culture. Whether by stopping the demolition of buildings and homes or by limiting short-term rentals. So, I will be addressing communication 13 that was on the agenda. Short-term rentals do provide alternative housing for tourism; however, they also change the hospitality industry negatively, affect housing availability, and impact neighborhood culture. The affordable housing crisis in New Orleans is continually increasing in gravity and affects the economic success of low-income individuals. There is already a shortage of affordable homes in New Orleans for families living below the poverty line and short-term rentals can lessen the opportunities for affordable housing. A Boston study found when there's an increase in Airbnb listings; rent increases. Typically, when there's a 1% increase in Airbnb listings, there's also a .018% increase in rental rates. Although these effects seem minuscule, consider that Airbnb's average growth from year to year is about 44%. Although the City of New Orleans has placed limits of three short-term rentals per City Square block and allows locals who are natives to New Orleans to own and operate the short-term rentals that they live in; and to receive a permit there seems to be more that could be done. With what zoning regulations can be put in place to further limit the concentration of short-term rentals in the neighborhood and are there any tax credits or other options that can be put in place to motivate property owners to change short-term rentals back into long-term rentals to increase the available affordable housing. Thank you.
Thank you, Miss Amanda Ferrygood, I appreciate your comments. Michael Eric Burnside you're up next.
I was going to speak on number 29, which is on page 17, but it's been withdrawn so I think I'll just not. But I will mention on number one, which I've always mentioned and which is September, and I have a probably, you know, 2% chance of getting arrested, because nothing's being done, nothing's being fixed, and a year will go by when September comes in and I figure, what the hell, you know, everybody else is upset, I might as well join them and, I think, I'll let it go with that for now. Thank you.
Thank you, Mr Burnside. Any public comments online?
First one is regarding communication number 13; the HDLC the decision regarding 24 30 Rampart Street. This is from Kip Hollar on behalf of the Faubourg Marigny Improvement Association. Kip says obviously what has been done cannot be undone. They can't put back what they already demolished. So I concede to the HDLC decision to allow retention of the demolition; however, I believe heftier fines need to be reassessed. $10,000 is merely the cost of doing business this is a Metairie domiciled investor that currently owns eight investment properties in Orleans Parish. He knows the rules, and he knows what he's doing. He purposefully disregarded the approved drawings and hoped that he wouldn't get caught. Hit him with a fine of $250,000 or the maximum allowed under law. The other two comments are regarding number 22. This is calendar number 34560 regarding zoning at 130 South Telemachus. Michelle Schlafly says “We are a residential rear neighboring property to 130 South Telemachus St. and our writing regarding the provisors to allow storage on the property for this recently rezoned neighborhood commercial establishment. The owner of this property has leased space to the nonprofit Soul Save Our Urban Landscape at a 25-plus-year residence behind as a 25-plus-year resident, behind this property. We do not want to live next to a tree plant nursery regardless of their intention. We spoke to the owner of the property who says this will not happen but now it's on the agenda today. We are asking the council to deny today's agenda item and Proviso and only allow the following: that the building use can only be used as an administrative office space within their stated designated business hours. That Soul may not use the yard for any type of storage of trees amounts of dirt or additional organic matter, for intending planting on site, that the building property, not be used to house or permit overnight stays to any transient volunteers who may be from out of town, that no outdoor signage be permitted, that the rod iron driveway gate be reinstalled -there's currently a chain link crossing the driveway where the rod iron driveway used to be and this could be improved upon. The executive director of Soul spoke to at the CPC meeting on January 9th, 2024 and noted that the building would be used for their administrated offices only and storage of their two trucks in the yard and will operate during set business hours. The CPC report recommendation was for denial of the application and CPC went against the recommendation and voted to allow the neighborhood commercial establishment and allow the owner to lease the space to the nonprofit Soul with her to designate the office space but one step further, I noted that by right the conditional use would allow Soul to store trees items to support their mission in the very large yard on site. Please consider the neighbors and the original intent before Soul came to the table. Next comment is the same item from Kimble Scheley who says: “We appreciate your limiting the neighborhood commercial establishment re-zoning at 130 Telemachus as restricted to office space only. We are glad for that, however, as a rear-facing property, we strongly object to Soul being allowed to store trees, amounts of dirt, and organic matter on-site. At the original CPC meeting, Soul noted that there were no plans to have storage only office and storage of their two trucks that the CPC took their application a step further and voted to overrule the report recommendation of denial and to additionally allow storage by right even though they are only leasing the property, they do not own the property. As a 25-plus year resident and homeowner behind 130 Telemachus St. we do not want to live behind a tree nursery we ask that you reconsider the Proviso and/ or withdraw it And or vote no that's it for the online comments for consent.
Thank you Anita. A motion's been made by Council member Green seconded by Council member Giarrusso all in favor of the consent agenda. Please vote with your machines. We have five Yays, I think we're about to have a six 6. 6 Yays and no Nays, and the consent agenda is adopted.
Madam Clerk: Council member do you want to go to the 11 matter? (Yes, item 17 please.) We're on page 33. We have a legislative group in ordinance, calendar number 34559, by Council member King, and ..( Someone interrupts her once more and points out that she is reading the wrong items. “Our forms are mislabeled.”) On page 38, ordinance calendar number 3 4,571, by council members Harris and Moreno by request. An Ordinance to authorize the revocation by the City of certain public rights of way located adjacent to the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana, and to authorize the disposition by the City of New Orleans (the "City") of certain land, including the aforesaid public rights of way, and improvements thereon, located adjacent to the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana, which property is defined as the "City Exchange Land" in the Act of Revocation of Street Dedication and Act of Exchange attached hereto as Exhibit A the ("Act of Exchange"), in exchange for immovable property owned by the State of Louisiana (the "State") designated as Parcel A in Square 340, Parcel C in Square 333, and the portion of Liberty Street that runs between such squares, in the First Municipal District of the City of New Orleans, which property is defined as the "State Exchange Land" in the Act of Exchange; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto.
The New Orleans Building Corporation is happy to present to you guys what we’ve been discussing for a while as a land swap between the State of Louisiana and the city of New Orleans; in exchange for streets that are adjacent to the Superdome which are La Salle Street, a portion of Dave Dixon Drive, the green space on West Stadium Drive and the median on between Poydras and SugarBowl Drive. The city will transfer that to the State of Louisiana in exchange for the State’s portion of Duncan Plaza and all of the Heal Garage. So, in the 1950’s, the City of New Orleans sold to the State of Louisiana a portion of the Duncan Plazza where they built a garage and had their former office building which was destroyed during Hurricane Katrina. So it’s in some respect coming full circle because now we’re going to have the entirety of Duncun Plaza and it’s going to set the table for future consideration on the civic complex and that site. So, we respectfully request approval and certainly thank the governor's office, the mayor for greenlighting this, and the board of directors in the city council who have, especially Council member Moreno, who has lent her powers, all of you for getting this done, and it's been a long time coming, and so we're happy to have been able to have the privilege to participate in it.
It has been a long time coming, and I want to thank you for your work that you've done to make this possible. Certainly, I'm going to ask that I be, you know, added this is a new City Hall that's going to be possible so I want to certainly be added as a, you know, co-sponsor of this but you know this is something that I know involves a lot of negotiations, and the district council person and our council president was certainly involved. But I do want to recognize the work of the New Orleans Building Corporation. A lot goes on behind the scenes to make this happen, and this is a good deal for the state since they've been using our streets all these years at no cost. No, I'm just joking, we get a new parcel for City Hall to be able to build something that's conducive to what the citizens of our city need, and also to have something that is of the highest tech value potentially and also just something that is a good use of Duncan Plaza. I'm jumping ahead of it because it's going to take a little while before it's a City Hall but this land swap is so very important. Thank you very much for your work.
Thank you, we appreciate that and it is absolutely a team effort. We have a good team over at New Orleans Building Corporation.
Thank you. I mean at the end of the day, this is something that's been worked on really now for decades from administration to administration. It's, you know, something that has taken a long time to come to fruition, but it really is a deal of a lifetime, a really impactful deal for the City of New Orleans and also very beneficial for the state of Louisiana and LSED as well. So, to all the parties that have been involved in this, and it's been a very collaborative effort with Taylor Bara, the commissioner for the Division of Administration, of course, LSED Hillary Landry has been very impactful in this, as well, the mayor's office, the governor's office, of course, the City Council more than anything, Cindy to you and to your team to Scott Whitaker as well, you all were the ones that always kept kind of the train on its tracks and making sure that we had all of our eyes dotted and our tees crossed to move this forward, and the next step is moving this on to having the commissioner sign this for his final approval; but like I said this has been a long time coming, and I'm just very grateful for everyone coming together to get it done to benefit not just the city but also the state of Louisiana. Thank you,
Thank you, and Cindy, I couldn't say it better thank you for all of your work, and I understand that you have a new teammate um Annie McBride, so I look forward to working with her in the future, and we do have one comment: Michael Eric Burnside you got two minutes.
Michael Eric Burnside, 2215 Felicity, and I stand here both in opposition and in unhappiness. So the NOPD headquarters has rats and the NOPD headquarters doesn't have elevators that work, and the NOPD headquarters apparently hasn't had air conditioning for like 6 months. We are not good property owners. City Hall needs a new city hall because everybody's bitching about the city hall they got, and it was built in 1950. We can't take care of the buildings we have, why are we building new ones. We have a huge amount of space that we do not use, including the old VA Hospital, which is located here and has plenty of parking. We don't use it. There are many other buildings owned by the city we do not use at all we are very bad property owners, extremely bad. To the point where I a West Virginia hillbilly who has worshiped at the altar of private property for over 50 years of my life have to say out loud in public that we should become renters and not property owners, and I cannot tell you how hard that hurts me because ownership comes with not just responsibility but opportunity and power and the chance for change, but we throw away again and again and again. We come in here and we say: “Oh we need new, we need new, we need new,” and we don't take care of the old. It matters! I am taken for homeless often, I tried walking down South Liberty Street to Champion Square, and I got stopped by a private security guard when I first came into the city in 2015. We're giving the way the right to approach the Caesar Dome when the Super Bowl is here. They will put up fences and they will exclude protesters and in exchange, we're being given land on which we can build a new building that we do not need and cannot take care of.
Thank you, Mr. Burnside. All right, I'm going to go ahead and move… once the machine comes up… six yays, thank you. 7 yays, thank you. Thank you Cindy, thank you Annie. ( One Councilmember asks: “Can we all be added as members on this one? So significant. Moreno: “Yeah, we can add everyone coauthors.”)
We're now on page 39. This is the 11:30 matter. We have a legislative grouping. in ordinance calendar number 34595 by Councilmembers Moreno, Morel, Giarusso, Harris, King, Green and Thomas. An Ordinance calling for an election on November 5, 2024, at which the electors of the City of New Orleans shall be asked to approve an amendment to Article II, Section 2-202 of the Home Rule Charter adding worker’s rights to the municipal bill of rights, and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. And there is an amendment on top of page 41 by Council member Moreno. 1. On page 1 of Exhibit A, on the third line of the second-to-last unnumbered paragraph, delete “$________” and insert the following: “approximately $44,000” 2. On page 1 of Exhibit A, delete the last unnumbered Paragraph.
Thank you, Madam Clerk. Let me take up the amendment first. These are some technical corrections and also putting in the exact amount to put this on the ballot, as well. So, I'll make a motion to adopt the amendment. Executive by Council member Giarrusso. All in favor 7 yays, no nays. This is the worker's Bill of Rights as you all are aware; we have a city Bill of Rights, that is in the charter and it lists the city's value statements but until until now, well hopefully if it passes in the fall, there really been no mention about workers rights and so this City Council and working with different advocates and of course the workers of the city is now putting forth language talking about what we believe workers deserve in the City of New Orleans. So, that includes having a safe working environment, that includes having the right to have health care coverage, that includes equal pay, of course, that includes a living wage, so those are some of the items that are going to be now mentioned, should this ballot measure be approved in the fall. And I think, at this critical time, particularly with what's happening at the state capitol right now where there's been a movement for anti-worker legislation. I think it's really important for New Orleans to continue to be that strong voice to support our workers and so that's why this is important, so long the city, so long in this city, it seems like workers have felt that they just don't have a voice. This right here will help give them a voice. With that, I'll turn it over to Council member Thomas and other Council members who'd like to make comments and then public comments.
No, just thank you for this effort. If we'll go back a few decades, we'll remember when the New Orleans City Council actually passed a minimum wage to separate us from this day. The fact that we should be able to control or have some say, into what the benefits were and what the workers made. That City Council effort that we led over a decade or plus ago, was killed in the courts. But I think it's more important now because we're under assault. Workers are under assault in this country and as a member of a family with leading union members, like T. Henry my mother with CWA, my father before he was disabled when he was a long Sharman, I think council member, at least if nothing else we can go on offense and I'm sure it'll be challenged Miss Davis Bacon and right to work state, but I know all of the Council members I served with earlier like Council member Carter and Hur and others when we passed an ordinance, that was unanimous that was approved and then to be defeated in the courts. This is another step in the direction to go back and do what Darthy M. Taylor and the Jim Singletons and the Johnny Jacksons and even after that with our ordinance what we tried to do a decade plus ago so thank you, guys, for this effort. Let's hopefully let the courts realize that workers, not only should have rights, but they should be treated right.
Like Council Member Thomas, I’d like to applaud Council President Moreno, as well as Step Up Louisiana for their efforts to get this to this point. I think what's really interesting and I think this tax which is very different than previous tax, is there is always this misconception, put forth by people who are anti-worker, that the public does not support what the council is doing, that real people don't support unions, don't believe in unions. All they care about is the coffee being 50 cents less or the room being a dollar less. And I think by doing this, in this framework, by putting it on the ballot, you're not just saying a message from this Council, you're sending a message from the city. You're telling businesses that consumers expect you to treat their workers properly, that those people who are paying for that Starbucks Coffee, the people that are renting that hotel room, the people that are interacting with their businesses, that they see these workers they see what they do, and they also see what businesses are doing to these people, and I would tell you that what I will find very interesting as this effort goes on the ballot is seeing what these businesses do. Because it's very dangerous to come out and oppose something like this when the public has shown nationally that they are willing to show their support with their wallets. And like I said, it'll be very interesting to see who shows up against this, and what the repercussions are from consumers who have overwhelmingly, in this city and in this country, supported a minimum wage supported workers' rights, supported equal pay, all these things that government says the public doesn't want; this mechanism that's being done this way lays out all of that in detail and lets the public finally weigh in to say: “no you don't speak for us we speak for ourselves” thank you, Council President, thank you Council Vice President.
We have a public comment; Jack Reno Sweeney followed by David Williams
Hello Council members Jack Reno Sweeney representing the New Orleans Democratic Socialist of America, an all-volunteer organization of approximately 400 dues-paying members. We're proud to support Step Up's Initiative for a worker's Bill of Rights. As Council member Moreno alluded to in Baton Rouge, the Landry Administration has wasted no time trying to tear appart whatever shreds of the social safety net we have left in this state; paying special attention to wiping out any basic protections for workers, in the name of extracting wealth from the people, to enrich those who are already wealthy and powerful. Every Louisianan with a conscience has a duty to stand up for their neighbors and for themselves to fight back against this onslaught against our rights and our well-being, New Orleans, as a city has a special responsibility to lead on the issue of workers rights being the economic engine of the whole state and home to hundreds of thousands of workers who are in Landry's crosshairs, but who are also ready and willing to stand up against his efforts. The worker’s Bill of Rights demonstrates our city's commitment to justice, fairness, and equality. Its passage and an affirmative vote in the fall would represent a commitment from the city at every level to building a better Louisiana, that goes far beyond Governor Landry's austere and destructive vision for our future. Thank you, in particular to Council member Moreno, for supporting this initiative to lay the bedrock for a movement to defend working Louisianans from extremist and anti-worker policies coming from our state government and its ultra-wealthy cronies trying to keep our economy and our communities in their grip; this is only the beginning of a fight but when we fight we win. Thank you very much.
Thank you, Mr. Sweeney. David Williams, followed by Britain Forsyth.
Good morning everybody. My name is David Williams I'm a stock at Dollar General and have been employed there for 4 and a half years. The Workers Bill of Rights is super important because retail corporations line their pockets up while paying us pennies. I'm only making bare minimum after 4 and a half years. A right to a fair living wage will tell the companies that we deserve better and a right to the basic necessities to survive. I'm asking that you don't continue to turn a blind eye to corporate greed. Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. Williams. Britain Forsytht followed.
Hey Y'all, I'm excited to be here today Britain Forsytht, I'm the Legislative Coordinator for Step Up Louisiana. I've met with a lot of your offices to talk about this I really appreciate all of your support. I'm excited to come into this hearing with all Council members signed on this amendment gives New Orleans a chance to finally say, as a city, how we believe workers should be treated. I look forward to a public conversation leading up to the ballot to talk about workers’ rights and any subsequent policies that we're planning to bring up to really back up this statement so thank you all so much. I think uplifting the workers of the city uplifts the whole city and we, state firmly that workers’ health is public health so thank you.
Thank you, Britton Robert Horton
Morning Council members. My name is Robert Horton. I reside at 2733 North Prior. I'm here to support the Workers Bill of Rights and I thank each and every one of you for at least taking the time to pay attention to this issue. Councilperson Moreno, Morrel, Oliver, Thomas, and the rest of you, thank you again, you know because finally, we're putting the people first, for a change in this city, you know, we know we live in a city since hurricane Katrina, we really haven't shifted them back from. You know, people are catching hell still living check to check; living with rents that's out of control, and don't know how they're going to make it to work or to school or keep gas in the vehicles. Working two and three jobs for that matter, not to mention there's no kind of boundaries put upon employees with what they impose upon folks outside of their job descriptions. So a Workers Bill of Rights will bring legal protection for the employees for change; essential workers are not just the folks who are doctors in the hospital, but it's the sanitation workers, it's our domestic industry that fuels the economy here in the City of New Orleans, you know, and so with that being said, those boundaries would also make this town union-friendly for everyone, that way, we can all have some serious protections and it's a benefit. It's a win-win for the City of New Orleans overall because if you got folks who want to come and move to New Orleans then it's an invitation to say we take care of our people here, we don't exploit our people here, and finally we know we have this issue of crime and safety in the City of New Orleans. When you employ folks and you enhance their quality of life, then we see a decrease in crime here.
Thank you. Nadia Muhamed.
Good morning Councilmembers and staff. My name is Nadia Muhamedd and I thank you all for allowing me this opportunity to speak on a the behalf of Workers Bill of Rights, and as sister Moreno has said that the rights is to a fair living wage with $15 minimum wage. The right to have a paid leave for medical care and families on vacation. The right to organize the union free from threats, intimidations or interference, the right to healthcare coverage. These are the bill Workers Bill of Rights. The right to have minimum wage is increasingly important if you are a parent or are not. In 22 states are increasing their minimum wages this year 2024 but not Louisiana is not one of them. A minimum wage increase in these 22 States going to affect this year but Louisiana remains one over a dozen states that is keeping the federal minimum wage. The right to a living wage, the right not to worry about your light bill, water bill, or worry about your unpaid rent, or having your contents of your home on the sidewalk, which is very embarrassing, the right to have paid medical leave. I went out on medical leave although I paid for long-term disability trying to get assistance was to no avail; I was one step from sleeping under the bridge I thank God for family and my sisters that allowed me to stay in their home until I was able to get disability, which you know it takes at least a year or more. The right to organize a union in our workplace, we need someone to speak up and to go to distance for us. By having a union is not only investing now as an employee and as an employer. [Councilmember Moreno asks her to wrap up] Okay good,all right. I'm pleading with the council to accept the Workers Bill of Rights, as we speak, not only for ourselves but also for the millions of workers in the United States. This Workers Bill of Rights is the first in our city, first in our state first in our country, so let's move forward to be the first to sign in this law. Thank you.
Thank you, Ms. Muhammed I appreciate you.
Anita, any public comment online? No public comments online. I'll make a motion to adopt as amended. Seconded by Council member Harris. Just waiting on the machines 7 Yays, no Nays. Thank you all. Thank you all.
At the top of the page, on this same page ordinance, calendar number 34574 has been deferred to April 18th. On page 59, number 53, motion, we have motion M 24116, by Councilmember Harris. Designating the intersection of Oretha Castle Haley Boulevard and Jackson Avenue as the “Big Chief Bo Dollis, Sr. Honorary Intersection” pursuant to Section 146-762 of the Code of the City of New Orleans.
Thank you Madam Clerk. I know we have family members if y'all want to come up. Well good morning! This motion will create an honorary intersection for Big Chief Bo Dollis Senior, at the intersection of Jackson and Aretha Castle Haley, where there is a mural honoring his legacy, and we were supposed to have it pulled up but we do not. Big Chief Bo Dollis became an icon in our city as a whole and among members of the community as Big Chief of the Wild Magnolias. He is also credited with helping to bring the music of the Wild Magnolias into the mainstream, bringing them songs only heard in the city to nationally recognized hits and securing a record deal for the Wild Magnolias I'm excited to be able to give this honor to Big Chief Bales and I believe we have his family here to speak so if he'd like to say some words we'd love to hear from you.
Good morning. I'm big Queen Rita Dallas with the Wild Magnolias. Bo Dallas Senior was my husband. I'm really here not to talk much on the music part, but his integrity as a man, and what he stood for. As the culture barrier he was a leader he brought the music of the Indian culture all around the world. He also loved all Indians, it didn't matter if they was uptown, downtown, cross town he loved all Indians, all culture bearers, all people. So this is what we trying to do. Would be a honor in his name, this is when he was living, this is nothing he ever talked about. His integrity was in, you know, to put him in a limelight or whatever he just did what he loved to do. Thank you.
Good evening, I'm Big Chief Bo Dallas Jr. The reason why I'm doing this is because I knew what my dad stands for. It just wasn't a Mardi Gras Indian, he brought music to New Orleans and people to New Orleans from out all over the world, and I really think if it wasn't for him, a lot of people from across the world would not come to New Orleans, because back then they would not come to New Orleans for Indians cause they was violent. So now that he brought it all over the world and I'm still picking up his shoes, and bringing it all over the world. I want my kids to know that his name didn't go in vain and I want him to know that people still thinking about him; even on Jackson Avenue, he used to own a theater on Jackson Avenue. He had a flower shop on Jackson Avenue. I've seen my dad stop fighting when people like had knives on each other he'll walk between them tell them stop fighting and these things. I've seen in our neighborhoods second and dries Jackson Avenue, Louisiana La Salle. I've seen these things with my own eyes nothing, nobody told me fing in his shadows and his footsteps. I've seen him stop fights, and tell people to like don't pull out no gun, and he'll jump in front the gun, and tell him put it away and stuff like that for Super Sunday and so these things, I've seen, I think, it be a real dedication and honor for him to have the intersection of Jackson and La Salle, I'm sorry ( Queen Rita Dallas adds that he was born and raised on Jackson avenue) yeah, on 1720 Jackson Avenue yeah, raised on Jackson but thank you so much.
Council member Thomas.
First of all, long overdue to the family to Little Bo. The beauty in this is that your father set a standing and the foundation for the culture on behalf of my big cus’ late Big Chief Rudy Bo my little cus’ Romeo uncle Benny, and others who have upheld the culture. I just want you to know, on behalf of your dad, you don't have to take a backseat, to anybody. You're one of the most beautiful displays of our culture and which your dad stood for, and you know, the last time we was together, I came out to watch you perform as you're a king of the culture yourself. What you do now solidifies his effort. The seed didn't fall far from the root, and our culture is alive because of the standard he set, and because of what the family continues to do. Man, he wrote New Orleans for Life Pap ( Chief Bo Dallas Junior thank him and his mother says “yes he did, and thank you so much!” )
Well said, any online comments, well I think this is an amazing timing given St Joseph's night and we have rescheduled Super Sunday on Sunday, so I hope to see y'all out there. So I'm going to go ahead and make a motion seconded by my Council member King. I assume six yays. Seven yays. All right, thank you so much for being here today. ( Chief Bo Dallas Jr announces that he brought one of his CDs for each member, to which Harris answers “Oh thank you, we love gifts!”)
We're now at the top of page 56 this is yours, Thomas. We have motion M 24104 by Council member Thomas, by Request, ratifying, confirming, and approving the mayor's appointment of John Johnson, Diane Alexander as a member of the City Planning Commission effective upon approval by the Council of the City of New Orleans for a term ended on June 30th 2020.
Move adoption. I'm trying to move with my machine. Second by Council member Green. Vote your machines, we're waiting for the votes. Six yays no nays. 
At the bottom of the page, we have motion M 24109 by council member Thomas By Request. Adding the President of the Council as a signatory to the 2nd Amendment of the Non-Emergency Demolition contract between the City and Durr Heavy Construction, LLC; and authorizing the President of the Council to sign the 2nd Amendment between the City and Durr Heavy Construction, LLC. The Public Works Committee recommended approval.
Adding the Council president as his signatory. Move adoption, seconded by Council member Harris. 6 yays no nays and the motion is adopted.
We're now going to go back to the regular order of the agenda. We're on page 20. We have a Legislative Grouping communication from Winston Fior director of Land Use and Constituent Affairs liaison council member Freddy King III District C Transmitting the Mayor’s Office of Economic Development’s recommendation of disapproval, and requesting the scheduling of a public hearing, for the following Restoration Tax Abatement Applications: • RTA Application Renewal #20141425, 939 Iberville Street, French Quarter Apartments Limited Partnership (Revised March 5, 2024). We have a resolution lying over R 2471 by Council Member King. A resolution approving the RTA Renewal Application #20141425, 939 Iberville Street. On the top of page 21, there is an amendment to the resolution R 2471 by Council member King. 1. In the second recital, delete “R-20-10” and insert “R-11- 517” in lieu thereof. 2. In the third recital, after the words “recommends denial of the”, insert the words “renewal of the”. That is the amendment.
Thank you Madam Clerk. Mr. Burnside.
So my worldview and the governor's are different. I think that people need jobs the governor thinks the state needs investment and in the age of AI, robot investment does not equal jobs. So back in 2014 maybe things were a little bit different. 2014 was 10 years ago, it's a long time ago this RTA was started. This is a renewal. The renewals are supposed to happen after 5 years which would have been 2019, according to what I read, there's been no DBE participation at all, 0%, from what I read. The jobs are for management jobs; there's no discussion of contract jobs. As I understand the paperwork, the RTA is for $50 million but the assessor has the building more or less assessed to 25 million, and the RTA will take it back to like 2 million. So this may not matter to a lot of people but the idea that the rich don't really pay their fair share of property taxes is an ongoing losing battle, here in New Orleans. We have a lot of rich people who are actually nonprofits. We have a lot of rich people who are churches. This particular individual, let me get this right here because I don't quite trust myself, French Quarter Apartments Limited Partnership in the Secretary of State's website is lapsed. The gentleman who owns this, or the 80 gentlemen who own this are an international company that works in Russia and other places. So, I don't really think that their upscale apartment is really beneficial to the workers of New Orleans, and I don't really believe they should be getting a tax break.
Steve Storges
Good late morning to everybody. In 2014, I represented the owners of the French Quarter Apartments. The owners took a bold move to renovate a two nearly 200,000 foot empty building into an 87 targeted for upscale apartments to try to push the rents, to try to create long-term ownership and stability, including more paying, and more taxes. In 2017 the project hit some construction bumps. We achieved 36% DBE compliance, we had to correct some defects from what happened along the way, which we did in 18 and 19 and then in 20 there was COVID. The project has never achieved more than 80% effective total occupancy and our rents are substantially less. We're here to request a second period of abatement so that we can continue to try to achieve higher rents over the long term, and get to a 95% kind of occupancy, and ultimately pay far more taxes, and do better, and the comments of the prior speaker ignores the fact that we overachieved on the DBE. We've continued to invest in the property. We had to make $5 million of corrections which we did, so the building is textbook perfect and we're proud to have been in New Orleans and try to continue on a long-term basis. So 5 years from now, we can report back that we've achieved the higher occupancy and the higher rents and paid more taxes, but we'd like some help to try to get there. I’ll be happy to take any questions.
Seeing none move to the next speaker. Mr. Stor.., sorry I can't make out the last name.
Good afternoon or midday Council Scott Huete, on behalf of the ownership of 939 Iberville. I'm kind of seconding what Mr Storges stated, but succinctly the long-term benefits of granting the renewal of the RTA will benefit the city far more, financially, than denying the renewal. It is a/this was an aggressive project, and it's been an aggressive investment, and long-term allowing, you know, this kind of niche development, to maintain high rents, and to continue investing in the city that the tax burden on the ownership following the abatement period will significantly increase and will far outweigh the value of the abatement that is or the renewal of the abatement that is sought here today thank you.
Thank you. Any comments from the day? Any online comments? That is time to make a motion, it's the amendment, I'm sorry, so second by Council member Green. The motion is amended. Now move to adopt the resolution as amended six yays, no days. Motion as amended has been approved. Resolution as amended has been approved.
We're now on top of page 22 the HDLC appeal of 517 Broadway Street has been deferred to April 4th. On top of page 23, all matters, the HDLC appeal of 2502 Jefferson Avenue has been deferred to April 4th, the HDLC appeal of 27 Newcomb Boulevard has been deferred to April 4th. We're now on top of page 24. We have a legislative grouping. The CBD HDLC appeal of Wendy Kerrigan, Atelier Design.Requesting to appeal the Central Business District Historic District Landmarks Commission’s decision of “de-facto denial” of the retention of installation of inappropriate permanent roll-down storm shutters at penthouse window openings of a Contributing rated three-story, mixed-use building in deviation of a Certificate of Appropriateness for the property located at 333 Saint Joseph Street.
Thank you Madame Clerk. Eleanor, will you brief us on the HDLC report?
Yes. The HDLC guidelines for shutters and storm preparedness allow for minimally obtrusive and historically appropriate permanent storm shutters, which are typically temporary wood, metal or fabric panels that are deployed only when storms are approaching. By utilizing minimally visible pre-installed fasteners. The openings are able to be protected when necessary, with little to no negative impact on the existing building's historic fabric or visual character. Based on the high visibility of the storm shutters that were installed from the surrounding public right-of-way and because this work was completed without HDLC approval, staff recommended denial of the request for the retention as an installed. Staff also recommended the applicant consider other less intrusive methods to achieve the desired opening protection that can be reviewed and approved at the staff level. At their meeting of February 7th 2024, a motion made by Matt Norton to deny the application failed 5 to 1 and the commission was unable to take action on this application. The property owners were aware they are under the jurisdiction of the HDLC and had been working closely with staff regarding other exterior work to the property. The HDLC urges the city council to not reward property owners who knowingly perform work in violation of the design guidelines and seek forgiveness rather than permission, as doing so makes achieving compliance in the local historic districts an even greater challenge.
Thank you, Elanor. This motion denies the appeal made in order to retain the roll-down shutter installed on the penthouse Windows of 333 St Joseph, so go ahead and move. Seconded by Council member King six yays, thank you.
We're now on top of page 25. All matters, we have the university area, off-street parking for 27 Newcomb Boulevard, has been deferred to April 4th. We have zoning docket 224 which has been deferred to April 4th. We're on top of page 26, you have zoning dock at 924 Xavier University of Louisiana. Requesting a Zoning change from an EC Educational Campus District to a C-3 Heavy Commercial District and an amendment to the text of the Comprehensive Zoning Ordinance to exempt this property from the EC Enhancement Corridor Design Overlay District and the HUC Historic Urban Corridor Use Restriction Overlay District, on Square 772, a portion of Lot X (proposed to be re-subdivided into Lot X1), in the First Municipal District, bounded by South Carrollton Avenue, Palmetto Street, Short Street, and Interstate 10 (Municipal Address: 3801 South Carrollton Avenue). The recommendation of the City Planning Commission being “FOR MODIFIED APPROVAL”, approving the zoning change to a C-3 District but limiting it to an area not to exceed 10,000 square feet, and approving the removal of this property from the EC Design Overlay District and the HUC Use Restriction Overlay District. And there is the motion we have motion M24 117 by Council member Harris approving the modified approval for Zoning Docket No. 9/24. That is the motion, we need to suspend the rules to receive this motion.
Okay, I'll move to suspend the rules, second by Council member Giarusso. Six yays, seven yays.
Now we need to suspend the rules to add it.
I'll move to suspend the rules, second by council President Moreno. Everyone's unanimous vote, and now you can vote on all you can talk about it.
I'll move to suspend the rules, second by Council President Moreno. Everyone's unanimous vote, and now you can vote on all you can talk about it. Okay, thank you. This motion would approve Xavier's request to change the zoning surrounding the campus from an EC Educational Campus District to a C3 Heavy Commercial District to allow for the relocation of an existing billboard. Xavier is also seeking a text Amendment request to exempt the property from the EC and HUC Overlay District. Stephen can you brief us on the CPC?
Sure, I will, and quickly, I want to just introduce you to Sabine Lebailleux who's on the end. She's going to handle some of these zoning items in future meetings, just want to make that introduction, and of course, Rachel Berg, who handles other items. This is a request by Xavier University, which is building a dorm on a part of their campus where there's currently a billboard. Xavier doesn't own the billboard, there's a servitude with the billboard company. The billboard can no longer exist due to the presence of the dorm, and so what Xavier is proposing to do is to move the billboard location to the edge of its campus near the on-ramp to I 10. The Planning Commission is supportive of this. They, you know, support Xavier's growth and support this effort to accommodate the needs of the billboard, and the billboard's owner, while also building a new dorm that will serve its population. I will say that they recommend the modification of keeping the rezoning as limited an area as needed to accommodate the billboard and so there's a modification that the boundaries of the area to be rezoned are no more than 10,000 square feet, but in general, they're supportive and recommend approval.
Thank you Stephen. We have three comment cards Todd Gennardo followed by Michael Eric Burnside.
Good afternoon, Todd Gennardo, 201 St Charles Avenue, Suite 3920, here on behalf of the applicant, here Xavier University. I want to first just start by thanking the staff for working with us, the CPC staff for working with Xavier on both the dorms, the garage project, and now this last piece of the puzzle; moving the existing billboard. I also want to thank Council member Harris and her staff for working with us throughout this lengthy project to move what's a very important project for the university forward. We're here just to ask you to accept the recommendation of the City Planning Commission. The modification that the commission requested is perfectly fine with Xavier University, we're more than happy to limit the lot size and we're here just to answer any questions or address any concerns that you all might have.
Thank you. Michael Eric Burnside followed by David Halpern.
So, I guess I will acknowledge the great zoning gods in the sky, and say thank you for the limitation to the 10,000 square feet. I'm not good at saying really nice things, as Councilman Green has occasionally reminded me, so I will go on and say perhaps a negative thing. The billboard was a servitude that somebody got 150k for, back in the 1990s. It seems to me that it's possible to buy the servitude from whoever owns it and just get rid of the billboard all altogether, but if you're not willing to buy the servitude, and not willing to buy the billboard, in order to get rid of it, it seems to me that the billboard could be hung from your dorm, because quite frankly it's a rather small billboard. There's Google Map pictures and all the rest of it, so it seems odd that a serious zoning change needs to be done to accommodate a billboard. There seems to me to be other answers to this situation, but I am grateful that the great billboard creators in the sky were kind enough to limit everything to 10,000 feet.
David Halpern
Madam Chairman, members of the council David Halpern, 26 Swan Street, New Orleans Louisiana. I can only echo the comments that’s made by Mr. Gennardo. We represent Lamar Advertising who is the billboard operator on the location. They’ve owned it and their predecessor owned it since 1998, and it's been a great billboard, there's no reason to change it. Xavier approached Lamar and said: “look, we need to develop this property, they've been a great partner with us, they do great things for the City of New Orleans, we can't possibly stand in their way, the only thing we can do is agree with them to move our billboard to another location. We spent a lot of time with the City Planning Commission staff trying to find a location and this is the only one that we're able to find, that is not too close to the neighbors. It's close enough to another commercial operation and is appropriate under all circumstances. So we appreciate the staff's efforts we appreciate the City Planning Commission's vote in favor of it, and we ask that you support the recommendations that you've already received.
"Any online comments? Okay, I'll go ahead and move. Second to Council member
Giarrusso. Six yays, thank you. "
We're now on top of page 27. We have zoning docket 1224, has been deferred to April 4th. At the bottom of the page zoning docket 1624 has been deferred to April 18th. On top of page 28 all matters zoning docket 1724 has been deferred to April 18. Zoning docket 1824 has been deferred to April 18th. On top of page 29, the Legislative Grouping, zoning docket 2124 has been deferred to April 4th. Motion M 24-115 has been deferred to April 4th. On top of page 30, we have a legislative group in street name change 423 Lincoln Beach Boulevard. Requesting the consideration of the renaming of Hayne Boulevard from Paris Road to the Industrial Canal and from the Industrial Canal to SUNO Knights Drive (formerly Press Drive) to Lincoln Beach Boulevard. The recommendation of the City Planning Commission being “FOR APPROVAL”. We have motion lining over M 23-566 by Council members Thomas and Green, motion stating that the favorable recommendation of approval by the City Planning Commission for street name change 423 is hereby granted.
City Planning, were you guys going to give us a report?
Sure, this is a request on behalf of the New Orleans East Restoration Project for a street name change, for the entirety of Hayne Boulevard from Paris Road to I 10 and from the I 10 SUNO Knights Drive to Lincoln Beach Boulevard. The City Planning Commission found that this request is in compliance with the City Planning Commission's street name change policy and thus recommends approval of the request. It should be noted that part of this roadway is considered La 41, and there are signage impacts to the state roadway that will need to be coordinated between LODT and the Department of Public Works.
First, how do you all like that name SUNO Knights Drive made possible by the New Orleans City Council? Thank you very much. But look, I just wanted to comment on the fact that the reason that I am working with Councilman Thomas on this is that Hayne Boulevard does go across the back of Pontchartrain Park but I'm just pleased that the City Planning Commission is recommending approval as we look forward to the Lincoln Beach development. The restoration of a historic site. I'm pleased that people, included in my district, will be able to drive on a thorough fair that's named after a historic site and it's also going to help us to remember all of the positives that went on there, and that are we going to make happen in the future, so I'm pleased to join Councilman Thomas. Certainly also, a part of the district from Downman road to Alabama Street is also included in District D, but the most important thing is to say that for those people who are going to drive that the’re seeing this name, it should be a reminder of the fact that the city has revitalized a very important asset in our city, and I look forward to many years of driving on that Boulevard and celebrating that fact. And thank you for your work.
If you've already said it, it's no need for it to be said again. Move adoption. Seconded by council member Green, Lincoln Beach name change thank you to all community members. Move adoptions, vote your machines.
All right we're now on top of page 31, all matters, ordinance calendar number 34,198 has been deferred to May 2nd. Ordinance calendar number 34,277 has been deferred to April 4th. On top of page 32 legislative grouping ordinance calendar number 34,557 by Council member King. An Ordinance to amend and reordain Article 21 of the Comprehensive Zoning Ordinance (Ordinance No. 4264 M.C.S., as amended by Ordinance No. 26,413 M.C.S. and subsequent amendments) to consider regulations for hours of operation and density for parklets that are on blocks that are not zoned commercial or mixed-use from corner to corner and to consider amending the “DISTRICT” column associated with the permitted temporary use for Parklets in Table 21-3 in Section 21.8.C, and to amend Section 21.8.C.16; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. ZONING DOCKET NO. 90/23. I'll also read his other one, but we have to vote on them separately we have ordinance calendar number 34,568 by council member King by request. An Ordinance to amend and reordain sections 146-592, 146-595, and 146-599 of the City Code to allow for more than one parklet per block face; to allow for both a parklet and sidewalk café at the same location; to provide for a temporary waiver of the initial parklet right-of-way usage fee; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto.
Council members I need to refuse because my husband has a parklet ( “on both of them ma'am?” asks Madam Clerk. “Yes ma'am,” answers Harris.)
Okay, ordinance calendar number 34,557 Council members.
Thank you, Madam Clerk, we pass a motion to approve parket C amendments, last month this legislative grouping includes the corresponding CZ Amendment ordinance as well as the companion code Amendment ordinance. Motion to adopt. Seconded by Council member Moreno. Five yays, six yays, if that counts as one recusal.
Okay, now you need to vote on 34,568.
Council member, we have one online comment. This is from Kip Hollar on behalf of the Faubourg Marigny Improvement Association. He says: “As parking continues to be problematic, throughout our historic residential neighborhoods, the Faubourg Marigny Improvement Association strongly opposes an amended ordinance allowing for more than one parklet per block. There should be density limitation, preventing more than one parklet per block, not block face. Additionally, we are opposed to allowing double dipping, in commercial establishments. It should be entitled to one or the other; either a parklet or a sidewalk cafe but not both. We must respect the public right-of-way and ensure residents have sufficient areas to walk and park. Furthermore, we are against providing for any temporary waiver of fees. Those that are already legally established previously received a waiver. Move forward with enforcement and collection of due revenues as intended do not allow new parklets without fees, which would only foster bad actors not following the rules, and having no skin in the game.”
All right, thank you. I make a motion to adopt. Seconded by Councilmember Moreno. Thank you, Madam Clerk.
We're now on top of page 33 and Council members, because this amendment has been for the public to see, I would not read it into the right. We have legislative grouping ordinance calendar number 34,559 by Council member King. An Ordinance to establish a conditional use to permit a hotel over 5,000 square feet in floor area in an HU-MU Historic Urban Neighborhood Mixed-Use District, on Square 150, Lots A and B or 1 and 2 (proposed Lot A-1), in the Fifth Municipal District, bounded by Red Allen Way, Teche Street, Homer Street, and Nunez Street (Municipal Addresses: 401-405 Red Allen Way); and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. And, there is an amendment.
All right thank you, Madam Clerk. Any comments from the desk? Oh no comments from the desk/ online comments. All right, make a motion to amend. Seconded by Council member Green. Six yays, seven, six. Seven yays, no nays. At this time make a motion to adopt as amended. Seconded by Council member Moreno. Motion adopted.
We’re now on page 36. We have a Legislative Grouping ordinance calendar number 34,566 by Council member King. An Ordinance to establish a conditional use to permit a hotel over 5,000 square feet in floor area in an HU-MU Historic Urban Neighborhood Mixed-Use District, located on Square 150, Lots B, 23, and 24 (proposed Lot 23-A), in the Fifth Municipal District, bounded by Teche Street, Homer Street, Red Allen Way, and Nunez Street (Municipal Addresses: 820-828 Teche Street); and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. ZONING DOCKET NO. 94/23. And the amendment has been published on the agenda for ordinance count number 34,566.
All right, Madam Clerk, for this condition, use would bring back development to the prominent park in Algiers that has been vacant. It's been a vacant tire dumping ground for far too long. This is a true mixed-use development with retail and office space for local businesses, long-term apartments, and a limited number of hotel rooms. The owners and established local developers with a lot of potential to improve New Orleans, developers team, as well as our office, has been working closely with neighbors to carve out provisos that will help preserve the quality of life for those residents living in the immediate vicinity. These provisos are reflected in the amendments within these legislative groupings. So I make a motion to amend once again. Seconded by Council Morrel. 7 yays, the motion is amended. Make a motion to adopt. Seconded by Council member Giarrusso. All right, 7 yays, no nays, motion is adopted as amended. Ordinance. Pardon me.
We're now on the bottom of page 40. A Legislative Grouping ordinance calendar number 34,596 has been deferred to April 4th. On top of page 41, the amendment to ordinance calendar number 34,596 has been deferred to April 4th. On page 42, ordinance calendar number 34,598 by Council member King, by request.An Ordinance to amend and reordain Section 166-154 of the Code of the City of New Orleans, relative to violations and penalties, to incorporate changes in La. R.S. 33:1375 (as amended by 2023 La. Acts, No. 304 (H.B. 276), including increase of maximum monetary to provide with respect thereto. The quality of life committee recommended approval.
Thank you, Madam Clerk. I move to adopt second by Council member Moreno. I have six yays and no nays motions adopted. Ordinance.
For ordinance calendar number 34,599 by Council member Harris by request. An Ordinance to amend and reordain Section 84-23 of the Code of the City of New Orleans, relative to general enforcement to incorporate changes to La. R.S. 33:1375 (as amended by 2023 La Acts, No. 304 (H.B. 276), including increase of maximum monetary penalty; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. The Quality of Life Committee recommended approval.
Thank you, Madam Clerk. I move to adopt second by Council member Moreno. I have six yays and no nays motions adopted ordinance.
Thank you, Madame Clerk, item number 24, 25, and 26 increase maximum municipal fines as a result of legislation authorized by state representative Landry, passed in 2023, which is act 3 of 4. These ordinances align with prior Council action, which last year raised the general administrative hearing penalty to match LARS 331375. The three ordinances, along with the previous ordinance authorized by Council member King seek to align the maximum monetary penalty which is now $1,000 for first offense, $2,000 for second offense. These ordinances close the loop on the outdated penalties for unlawful illegal vending activities in the historic district landmark violations and allow these specific sections to be in line with the city code. Are there any online comments? Any comments from the desk? Okay, I'll go ahead and move to adopt 24 and then we can go through the 25 and 26. Seconded by Council member Giarrusso. Five yays, six yays.
We're now on top of page 43. We have ordinance calendar number 34,600 by Council member Harris, by Request. An Ordinance to amend and reordain Section 84-133 of the Code of the City of New Orleans, relative to general enforcement to incorporate changes to La. R.S. 33:1375 (as amended by 2023 La Acts, No. 304 (H.B. 276), including increase of maximum monetary penalty; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto.
I've gone ahead and moved. Seconded by Council member King. Six yays.
At the bottom of the page. We have ordinance calendar number 34,601 by Council member Harris, by Request. An Ordinance to amend and reordain Section 1-13 of the Code of the City of New Orleans, relative to general enforcement to incorporate changes to La. R.S. 33:1375 (as amended by 2023 La Acts, No. 304 (H.B. 276), including increase of maximum monetary penalty; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto.
I moved, I need a second. Council president Moreno. Six yays, thank you.
On top of page 44 we have ordinance calendar number 34,602 by Council member Green by request. An Ordinance to authorize the Mayor of the City of New Orleans to enter into a Cooperative Endeavor Agreement between the City of New Orleans and the United States Department of Transportation, Federal Highway Administration (the “USDOT”), for a term greater than one year, for the public purpose of developing a Comprehensive Safety Plan to address traffic safety on the roadways of the City of New Orleans, as more fully detailed in the Cooperative Endeavor Agreement form attached hereto as Exhibit “A”; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto.
Members of the Council, we've already previously approved a cooperative and endeavor agreement involving the City of New Orleans and the United States Department of Transportation Highway Administration. This is simply a technical correct, a technical change that is being made because the US DOTD made a technical correction to the existing agreement. I ask for your approval of this technical change.
Council member, I have one online comment:” Please remove Sarah Porteous from your paperwork as the Director of Public Works. She has not been in that position for some time. I must congratulate Dan Jatres and Jennifer Ruley on their efforts to continue the study of traffic fatalities in New Orleans. But if past performance is any indication of what their plan is, then this fund dedication by the city of $242,500 to match the USDOT's $751,631 should come with a strict timeline, study methodology and a comprehensive neighborhood participation engagement timeline that spans more than two meetings over 6 weeks. They should be able to account for nearly 1 million dollars noted here for their study. I also hope for this amount of money they could figure out a way to maintain the City's current bike lanes and keep them free of debris without dependency on volunteerism. This CEA could be a very good thing. But while they say their goal is safe streets, their plan is to add more protected bike lanes and remove or diet vehicle lanes and I worry that there will be nearly no engagement with neighborhoods this time. Everyone wants safe streets for all who use them. However, when roadways are removed or reduced by one lane in favor of bike lanes without properly informing those who will be affected as has happened with the Marconi next to City Park and the bike lanes in Algiers, no one wins. Lack of transparency has been a pitfall for the bicycling enthusiasts.” That's it for the comments.
Members if there are no comments for the day, I move for approval. Seconded already, yes by Council member Giarrusso. 6 yays, no nays, thank you.
We're now on top of page 45. We have ordinance calendar number 34,603 by council member juso by request. An Ordinance to authorize the Mayor of the City of New Orleans to enter into Amendment No. 2 to a previously executed Cooperative Endeavor Agreement (“CEA”) between the City of New Orleans (the “City”), National Parent Leadership Institute, INC., and New Orleans Business Alliance, relative to provide 20 weeks of 3-hour sessions, once a week, to parents in order to help parents become better leaders for their children and families, to modify the provisions thereof and extend the term thereof for an additional 2 years, 9 months, as more fully set forth in the Amendment No. 1 form attached hereto as Exhibit “1” and made a part hereof; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto.
I’m moving for approval. Seconded by President Moreno. Members, please vote your machines 5 yays, no nays.
On top of page 40, we have ordinance calendar number 34,605 by council member Harris by request. An Ordinance to authorize the Mayor of the City of New Orleans to enter into a Cooperative Endeavor Agreement between the City of New Orleans (the “City”) and the Downtown Development District for the City of New Orleans (the “DDD”) for a term greater than one year, for the public purpose of redesigning and redeveloping Harmony Circle, the circular park located within Tivoli Circle, a traffic roundabout in downtown New Orleans situated at the intersections of St. Charles Avenue, Andrew Higgins Boulevard, and Howard Avenue in the City of New Orleans, as more fully detailed in the Cooperative Endeavor Agreement form attached hereto as Exhibit “A”; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto.
Thank you, Madam Clerk. The DDD wishes to extend the current one-year CEA to redevelop Harmony Circle for use as a venue for public events, and for the public display of art or exhibitions created or commissioned by local organizations, that have significance to the city, including its culture, history, people, and economy. The DDD intends the redevelopment of Harmony Circle from funding through a variety of public sources, including the Capital Outlay program of the State of Louisiana, philanthropic donations, and other sources of private capital. This successful redevelopment of Harmony Circle will provide substantial benefits to downtown residents, workers visitors, and property owners, and we have one comment from our friend Jared Brossett.
Good afternoon Council members. It's a different view from this side. I hope you all are well and, Jared Bret, 2011 St Charles Avenue 3912. As Council member eloquently spoke, look we have DDD has a long tradition of partnering with the city and stakeholders to manage the public spaces within the district, and this CEA just extends it to a five-year cooperative endeavor agreement. The current agreement ends, I believe tomorrow, and to advance this vision, we collectively, along with the Council members, specifically Council member Harris, President Morel and Senator Royce Duplessis, along with the mayor provided letters of support for the Capital Outlay, process of House Bill 2 secured 4.5 mil 500,000 for planning which in RFP went on to the streets and a selection is pending. We had the assistance of Michael Karam, your director of Parks and Parkways and so the request for a CEA extension is necessary for the completion pending the design and construction of the project.
Thank you so much are there any online comments? Okay, I'll go ahead and move. It's so cold, our buttons aren't working. Seconded by Council member Giarrusso. I need one more vote. 5 yays. Thank you all, thank you Mr. Brosset.
At the bottom of the page, we have ordinance calendar number 34,606 by council members Giarrusso, Moreno and Harris. Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 29,735 M.C.S., as amended, entitled “An Ordinance providing an Operating Budget of Revenues for the City of New Orleans for the Year 2024” to appropriate unassigned fund balance to the Mayor’s Office of Workforce Development Youth Works Summer Jobs Program to provide for an increase in youth participants; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto.
Thank you, Madam Clerk. As part of our effort to make sure kids are safe this summer and are working, we felt important to take money that was not allocated in this year's budget, which had been in the last, and make sure that there's enough youth opportunity this summer, particularly in making sure that there's jobs available, and that the city is paying for that work. So along with Council member Moreno, Council member Harris, and I think everybody who will vote want to be added as co-authors on this. I move for adoption. Sorry Council member Moreno second, but you are right, Mr. Burnside, and I would note in support.
Yes, bitter old man that I am, I'm trying to learn from Council person Green and I think it's important for me to come up at least in support once. I think that kids should have jobs, I think they should get paid I think the city should provide the money, and I think this is a good deal, so thank all of you.
Thank you, Mr Burnside. All right, move seconded, and I think there's six yays and we'll move forward to the next accompanying ordinance.
We're now on top of page 47 it's five who didn't vote okay n there you go on top of page 47 ordinance calendar number 34,607 by council members juso Mareno and Harris. An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 29,736 M.C.S., as amended, entitled “An Ordinance providing an Operating Budget of Expenditures for the City of New Orleans for the Year 2024” to appropriate funds to the Mayor’s Office of Workforce Development, Youth Works Summer Jobs Program to provide an increase of youth participants; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto.
This is a companion ordinance. I move for approval seconded by President Morino. I'm waiting on one more, I think. Thank you, six yays.
At the bottom of the page, ordinance calendar number 34,608 by council member Thomas, by request. An Ordinance to amend and reordain Article XVII of Chapter 154 of the Code of the City of New Orleans, to collect a fee for inspection certificates, set forth in Section 154-1307, to reduce the fee collected by the Department of Public Works from the operator of permitted satellite inspection stations for inspection certificates for all vehicles except commercial vehicles, and otherwise to provide with respect thereto.
Move adoption. The machine Madam Clerk. ( “who's going second?” asks Madam Clerck. Council member Thomas says he has noticed that some of these seconds are moving slow and then says: “anyway.”) I don't want to get in one of them moves. Move by me, second by Council member Giarrusso. We don't want to be a conspiracy now. You move adoption.
On top of page 38. 34,609 by council members Giarrusso, Moreno, Harris, and Thomas by request. An Ordinance to ordain Section 70-415.282.1 of the Code of the City of New Orleans relative to ensuring adequate drainage infrastructure funding, consistent with the 2019 Fair Share Agreement; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto.
You remember the Fair Share that worked out by Mayor Cantrell, that as a result of tourism getting certain benefits, that then there would be money that went to infrastructure into the city. However, for whatever reason, there was not the codification of the $5 million that was supposed to go annually to the Sewerage and Water Board as part of that, and so this ordinance takes care of that and ensures that on a perpetual basis because of the Fair Share allocation $5 million will go to Sewerage and Water Board on an annual basis. So I've moved, seconded by Council member Harris. You put in a yellow card, I didn't get one. Well sorry, I did not that time. I just didn't get one, but Mr. Burnside?
Council I have to say that the words that time, imply the previous times, perhaps? Okay, so my name is Michael Eric Burnside, I live at 2215 Felicity, and I went to the Governor's Task Force for the Sewerage and Water Board one week ago today, in the evening, and they had another meeting today, starting at 10:00 a.m. which hopefully somebody sent a staff member to, to keep track of what's going on there. Changes in the air, you may be like Entergy, you may have a civic hero or you may have a Sewerage and Water bird, you gotta be careful. So I read this and didn't really understand, which is fine because I'm getting old, but I do want to point out a couple of things about infrastructure that's already known but I want, to like, put it out there in public. One of which, of course, is not everybody pays for drainage; I think we all understand that. How do we get all people to pay for drainage, is a legitimate political question that you guys should be wrestling with and should have, like, staff focused on or maybe even some sort of little group to get together. Because, depending on the numbers that the Sewerage and Water Board task force dealt with in public a week ago, between 40 and 60% of the city apparently is not paying anything. So if 40 to 60% of the city is not paying anything, the people who are paying things is kind of like fee waivers for a minority, you know it's like why should I pay if you're not paying right? And we would like to have drainage, so it would be good if everybody paid as far as the rest of it goes; some of the other numbers that came out were staggering. I don't know that the numbers were true but a gentleman said that back in 2017, we paid such and such money for such and such catch basin, and it came out to $250 each for catch Basin to be cleaned in 2017 and then somebody else came out with numbers that said well the city just signed a contract for the $10 million, and you're only going to get 5,000 catchup basins. I hope that that's false because if it's true, that's $2,000 per catch Basin, so things are getting ridiculous, and somebody somewhere needs an auditor, and somebody somewhere needs a, I don't know; the legislative branch, whose power is the purse of the public needs to beef up its technical staff so that it can keep track of what money is being spent, who is getting it, and why the city's not really getting what it needs in return.
All right, thank you Mr. Burnside. I had moved, Council member Harris second. Thank you members
At the bottom of the page, ordinance calendar number 34,610 has been withdrawn. (So ordered.) At the top of page 49, ordinance calendar number 34,611 by council member Harris. An Ordinance to temporarily waive certain fees, permit fees, and requirements within and around the Lyons Center located at 624 Louisiana Avenue, New Orleans, Louisiana, in conjunction with the Benjamin Franklin Elementary and Middle School Family Dance on Friday, March 1 from 4:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m.; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto.
Thank you Madame Clerk, because this event took place before we adopted new rules regarding NORDC fee waivers, we need to pass this ordinance to allow for 50% of the fee to be waved, I can't talk today, I'm going to move seconded by Council member Giarusso. Five yays, and we're good thank you.
On top of page 50, we have ordinance calendar number 34,612 has been deferred to April 4th. On top of page 51, ordinance calendar number 34,613 by Council member King. An Ordinance to temporarily waive certain fees, permit fees, and requirements within and around the 900 block of N Robertson ______ in New Orleans, Louisiana in conjunction with the Kerry "Fatman" Hunter Repast event on Saturday, February 24, 2024, from 6:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m., to specify the duration and boundaries of said waiver; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto.
Thank you Madame Clerk, this was introduced on March 7th, and in relates to a funeral event that occurred on February 24th. The funeral event was for a beloved member of our musical community, the waiver was promised of the family prior to the passage of the ordinance and introduced prior to the mayor signing the ordinance, so I move to adopt.
And thank you Council Member King, a beloved member of our cultural community, thank you.
Thank you Council Member Thomas, seconded by Council Member Harris. Seven yays, no nays. Motion is adopted.
At the bottom of the page, ordinance calendar number 34,614 by Council members Giarrusso, Moreno, Harris, Green, Thomas, Morell and King. An Ordinance to amend and reordain sections 70-415.327, 70-415.328 and 70-415.329 of the Code of the City of New Orleans to change the name of the Affordable and Workforce Housing Gap Financing Fund; to expand the purpose of the fund; to require annual appropriations to the fund; to require additional reporting; to require the appointment of an advisory committee and establish the duties and rules for such committee; and to otherwise provide with respect thereto.
Thank you Madame Clerk, I think Council member Harris referred to this as the belt and suspenders at the last meeting, and that's how it characterized this as well. It simply lays out, in case the charter change happens not to pass, how the city would create an affordable housing fund, how it would be funded in its first year, for what purposes it would be funded for in its first year, and the process and procedure by which it would go through in its first year. I think we have one online comment, and I know I have three comment cards here. So Mr. Burnside
Hi, so gap financing is different than soft seconds and I understand that but the soft seconds on the website for the cities from 2019 they have X dollars, they divide by X amount of money. You get 50 people that got soft seconds in the last five years. So a lot of things aren't necessarily belt and suspenders, some things just don't hold things up. So the next thing is that you you're buying different things right, but you don't have the things you're buying matching the things you're needing so you need one bedrooms but you've got too many two bedrooms you need efficiencies okay? You can talk to Andreanecia Morris, I realized that she has supporters and she has detractors, but she's done a lot of work and she has a lot of numbers and it would not be a miss for you to send your staff to talk to her cause we're buying stuff we don't need and we need stuff we're not buying. So as far as gap financing goes, we've done a couple of affordable housing things recently, I've sent you emails. The affordable housing coming out to about like $384,000 a house this is the average cost of a normal house. This isn't affordable housing; well we're doing subsidizing rent for a few years, and then after 45 years or 30 years or whatever the case is, it'll go to market house housing which is what it's being built for in the first place. It's being built as market housing that's then going to be renovated and sold on the open market, so we need to figure out a way to get people really poor person housing and not middle-class housing and I realize that that's a big long complicated argument and I'm willing to lose it but I'm not willing to not have it because we're spending a lot of money already and we're not getting a heck of a lot for it, thank you.
All right, Miss Valerry and then Mr Heereen.
Good morning everybody my name is Cheryl Elaine Vallery I'm from Holly Grove. I haven't been to the center in a while. Being homeless down the street, it's kind of hard. Affordable housing is something that we need. I just had a birthday, a COVID birthday March 11. I’m at 71 years of age. I want to go home to my community. Dr. Rogers, he has a house behind the center. I need a place to stay, I need it now, physically and mentally. I need it now, I hope you guys can do something, I'm right down the street. I walk down here, about to walk back, I might go holla at the mere here again, she wasn't in earlier. Julius wasn't in. Everybody knows me, Oliver, I'm always on the radio. Dr. was here, I was glad to see Dr. I'm like I just want you guys to do the right thing. I got a son who needs a place to stay he has a job I've been wanting to go back to soup and work some more and do my artwork. I'm just tired and it it's time for someone to get off their butts and do something, thank you.
Thank you Cheryl. I know you were here either a meeting or two ago and we tried to get somebody from Office Community Development down here so maybe if you hang out a little bit longer today, we'll see if we can get somebody to come talk to you. Absolutely. All right, Joe Heeren Mueller.
Thank you, Joe Heeren Mueller, Unity of Greater New Orleans. I want to thank you, Council member Giarrusso, and everybody here today, thank you for your work on this and for continuing to address the need for more affordable housing in our community. As multiple speakers today have highlighted the need for affordable housing is critical and there's a ground it's there's a groundswell of people in this community, as attested to by the comments today by a meeting that I attended earlier around homelessness, where the lack of affordable housing was pinpointed as the major driver in homelessness. So we're glad to see yall working continuously diligently on this and we hope that as this ordinance is enacted and progressed; that special attention to special populations is given because people who are homeless people who are really below 30% of AMI are especially at risk of suffering the greatest detriments of a lack of affordable housing, so thank you.
The only thing that I want to say is I want people to do an analysis, a deeper analysis of those who are unhoused because the housing first or the housing only policy is something that have to be discussed. Addiction and mental challenges have to be discussed and they have to be in there. I don't believe that the vast majority of those who are unhoused are unhoused because of affordable housing and I think that we're doing them a disservice. We're not looking at the people who are transient, the people who choose to not be inside, and the people who have drug addictions that prevent them from doing so. The only thing that I'm asking is when we use certain phrases, terms, make sure that they don't become rhetoric. I have an opportunity to talk to a number of people who are unhoused, and I will tell you that it's not because they lost a house, it's not because they couldn't afford an apartment, it's because there are challenges that are going on and sometimes the challenges are deep within. I think that we're doing a disservice sometimes. I just want to leave it at that. I also look forward to supporting any measures that create housing to support our citizens, including measures to help people get to the homeownership level at a larger level than we have in our city right now, which is the real long-term solution to the affordable housing crisis that we have - if it is, in fact, a crisis.
Council member Giarrusso, so I have this one online comment. Yes, thank you, this is from Steven Kennedy he says: “I'm writing today to express my support for Ordinance No. 34,614 the Affordable Housing Fund. It is critically important to create a funding source to help increase the production of accessible affordable housing throughout the city. Many families across the city are cost burdened paying over 50% of their household incomes on housing, which makes it extremely difficult to pull themselves up by the bootstraps. Assisting families with becoming homeowners will hopefully help some families begin to build wealth since homeownership has been a foundation for many towards that end. Nearly 55% of the city's residents are renters which makes it also imperative that the production of affordable rental units is increased. Helping tackle the problem of affordable rental housing across our city especially in high opportunity neighborhoods will help bring stability for working families. I want to personally thank each of you for your commitment towards affordable housing. And a special thanks to Councilwoman Leslie Harris who has taken the lead on advocating for affordable housing and the need for a permanent funding source.”
Thank you. I've moved it was seconded by Council member Moreno. Six yays but that hang on one second. There you go. Seven to zero.
We're now on top of page 52. Resolution line over R 2495 has been deferred to April 4th. At the bottom of the page motion M 2496 by Council member Thomas, by request, adding the President of the council as a signatory to amendment number five to the contract between the City of New Orleans and Hammerman and Gainer and authorizing the President of the Council to sign the amendment number five to the contract between the City of New Orleans and Hammerman and Gainer exhibit 8.
Approved by the committee aiding the Council President as a signatory. Move adoption. The contract was approved at the Public Works, it will provide liability and physical damage claims handling and processing services for an annual cost of $25,000. I had predicted I was going to have to do that. It's been moved by me, seconded by Council member Green. Mine didn't come up once again it's a conspiracy I have a malfunction with my screen. Okay there we go five yays, six yays, no nays and the motion is approved
We're on top of page 53 we have motion M 2497 by Council member Thomas, by request, adding the President of the Council as a signatory to the amendment to The Professional Service Agreement between the City of New Orleans and Saki Associates Inc. and authorizing the president of the Council to sign the amendment to the Professional Service Agreement between the City of New Orleans and Saki Associates Inc. the Public Works Committee recommended approval.
Moved by the committee and now that I know I have to read the brief; the committee recommended approval yesterday. The contract with Saki Associates is continued. Development of the master plan for Lincoln Beach. The total contract is for 1 million 22,000. Moved by me, seconded by the person who seconded uh 5yays, 6 yays, no nays and the motion is approved. Thank you'all.
At the bottom of the page, we have motion we have motion M 2498 by council member Thomas, by request. Adding the President of the Council as a signatory to the amendment to the professional services agreement between the City of New Orleans and Digital Engineering & Imaging, Inc.; and authorizing the President of the Council to sign the amendment to the professional services agreement between the City of New Orleans and Digital Engineering & Imaging, Inc. The Public Work Commity recommended approval.
Adding the council president's signature as the Fifth Amendment of the contract for digital engineering as part of the redevelopment of design team is for an additional year at $498,000 and they're actually the local team that's been on this project so important to include them. Move by me, seconded by the seconder six yays, no nays and the motion is adopted, thank Y’all [Applause]
At the top of page 54, we have motion M- 24-99 by Council member Green, by request. Adding the President of the Council as a signatory to the contract between the City of New Orleans and Cypress Biosafety Consulting, LLC; and authorizing the President of the Council to sign the contract between the City of New Orleans and Cypress Biosafety ________ (Exhibit A). The Public Works committee recommended approval.
Members of the Council and the public, since it was approved yesterday, I will read the summary. This Professional Services Agreement allows the Mosquito Termite and Rodent Control Board to develop, improve, and implement a biosafety, biocontainment, and biosecurity program for the mosquito control genetics lab. This will allow for in-house viral screening of mosquitoes and rodents, which in turn allows the Control Board the ability to respond faster and more efficiently to potential disease transmission. Cyprus Biosafety will act as the biosafety consultant for the board as the board increases its in-house capacity. It's a 5-year agreement it's a $10,000 maximum per year contract $50,000 maximum over the life of this agreement. I move for approval. Kill all the mosquitoes, kill them all, kill them all, and the rodents yeah, and the possums too, if they're in your house. All seven yays, this is an exciting time, I got more vermine in my neighborhood now.
We're now at the bottom of the page M-24-100 by council member Mareno, by request. Submitting a proposed Amendment #2 Professional Services Agreement between the City of New Orleans and Jay Ginsberg, including a completed contract summary form, and the related Motion, pursuant to Rule 57. [ President Moreno interrupts and asks Anita if she needs to suspend the rules because she didn’t have a quorum for economic development when it was heard. The answer is yes, she has to suspend the rules.]
Thank You. Seconded by Council member Giarrusso, I one, two, three, five, I have five, six members this was heard in Economic Development the other day, as I mentioned. It's an extension of a legal contract that Civil Service has I believe the number for the extension is roughly $15,000 and Amy Trepagnier, you presented. Six yays, no nays.
Okay, that was for the suspension of the rules.
No, we had already voted on that, and we just did it verbally. We'll just vote again. Six yays, no nays. I'll need to suspend the rules on the next one too Madam Clerk.
Yes, motion M-24-101 by Council member Moreno, by request.Adding the President of the Council as a signatory to the Amendment No. 2 to the Professional Services Agreement between the City and Jay A. Ginsberg; and authorizing the President of the Council to sign the Amendment No. 2 to the Professional Services Agreement between the City and Jay A. Ginsberg.
Thank you, Madam Clerk. I'll make a motion to suspend the rules. Seconded by Council member Giarusso, this is Rule 57. All in favor 6 yays, no nays. This is a another extension for a legal contract for civil service; once again this was in the Economic Development Committee Amy Trepagnier, the Director presented a motion to adopt, seconded by Council member Morel. 6 yays, no nays.
Now, at the bottom of the page, we have motion M-24-102 by council member Giarusso, by request. Ratifying, confirming, and approving the Mayor’s appointment of Olin Parker (vice Katherine Baudouin), as a member of the New Orleans Recreation Development Commission representing the Orleans Parish School Board, effective upon approval by the Council of the City of New Orleans, for a term that will expire at the discretion of the Orleans Parish School Board.
We did not actually take this matter up in committee either because of the waiver issue so Anita do I need to suspend 57 on this (yes please) All right, I'll move to suspend rule 57, seconded by Council member Harris. 5 yays, no nays. And now on the motion itself, I'll move for approval, seconded also by council member Harris. 6 yays, no nays.
We have motion M-24-410 by Council member Thomas By Request Adding the President of the Council as a signatory to the 2nd Amendment of the Emergency Demolition contract between the City and Durr Heavy Construction, LLC; and authorizing the President of the Council to sign the 2nd Amendment between the City and Durr Heavy Construction, LLC. The Public Works Committee recommended approval.
Authorizing the extension of the work that's already been done. The existing contract is in terms of $ 4,148,000 inclusive of the non-emergency demolition services that are already being provided. Move by myself, seconded by the seconder, all in favor of moving forward with motion forward. 6 yays, no nays and the motion is adopted.
At the bottom of the page M 24111 has been deferred to April 4th and referred to the Climate Control Committee. On top of page 58 we have motion M-24-112 by Council members Morel and Giarrusso requesting and authorizing the President of the Council to execute a third amendment to the professional services agreement between the City Council of New Orleans and Barrasso Usdin Kupperman Freeman & Sarver, L.L.C., extending the term of the agreement for one year and increasing the maximum compensation payable under the agreement by $250,000 to ensure continuity of services during the extension term, and containing such other provisions as may be necessary or desirable to accomplish the purposes of this Motion. Do we have to suspend rule 57 for this one? No okay.
Members, this is in connection with the Wizner litigation because everything continues to be so contested. We need to continue to pay our lawyers to represent the city's interest. I've moved for approval, seconded by Council member Morel, five yays, no nays, thank you.
At the bottom of the page, motion M-24-113 has been deferred to April 4th. We have resolution R-24-118 by council member Green. A RESOLUTION calling an election in the Lakeshore Crime Prevention District for Saturday, November 5, 2024. We need to suspend the rules to receive this resolution.
Members, please, vote your machines, five yays, no nays. Members, this is simply a resolution calling for November 5th 2024 vote to approve or disapprove the levying of an annual fee in the Lakeshore Community not to exceed $420 per parcel per year. The fee is estimated to generate $275,900 per year, solely for the purpose of aiding in crime prevention within that Lakeshore Crime Prevention District. The reason that we're voting on it today under the suspension of the rules, is that it was approaching a deadline, not because of anything in the cities but there was negotiations that have to take place on the Lakeshore Crime Prevention District side, so I moved for approval of the motion as amended the resolution as amended.
No, Council member, we still in the huh huh you have to add it.
All right, I have to add it? Yes, I’m sorry. I move to add it to the agenda. 5-0. I move for approval of the resolution.
Council member Green, can I just say one thing very quickly? (Yes) the Law Department has advised us because the ordinance was originally drafted as Robert E. Lee, that your instrument that you're offering today has to also say Robert E Lee Boulevard instead of Allen Toussaint so that is not an oversight. It is the legal opinion of the Law Department about why the language is that way, so I don't want you to catch any heat unnecessarily.
Have our staff been using Robert E. Lee or what is that?
No no no, apparently this is because the original legislation was drafted using Robert E. Lee and that apparently governing State legislation has not been changed that we have to continue to use Robert E. Lee even though the name of the street has changed to Allen Toussaint.
Council members, we need to suspend the rules to go to ordinances on first read.
Ordinance on first readings. Ordinance calendar number 34,617 by Council member King. An Ordinance to effect a zoning change from an LI-Light Industrial District to an MU-1 Medium Intensity Mixed-Use District on Lots 1 through 16 and 28 through 32 on Square 608; Lots A and B on Square 650; as well as the portion of North Robertson Street between the two squares, in the Third Municipal District, bounded by North Claiborne Avenue, Press Street, Saint Ferdinand Street, and North Villere Street (Municipal Addresses: 2800-2840 North Claiborne Avenue; 2800 North Robertson Street and 2801?2839 North Robertson Street; 1407-1437 Saint Ferdinand Street, 1515-1523 Saint Ferdinand Street and 2865 North Villere Street) and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. Zoning docket 1024. Ordinance calendar number 34,618 by Council member King. An Ordinance to establish a conditional use to permit a three-unit multi-family residence in an HMR-3 Historic Marigny/Tremé/Bywater Residential District, located on Square 382, Lot 9 or 18, in the Third Municipal District, bounded by Columbus Street, Henriette Delille Street, Kerlerec Street, and Marais Street (Municipal Addresses:1220-1222 Columbus Street); and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. (ZONING DOCKET NO. 13/24.) Ordinance calendar number 34619 by council member King. An Ordinance to effect a zoning change from an HU-RD2 Historic Urban Two-Family Residential District to an HU-MU Historic Urban Mixed-Use District, located on Square 114, Lot 7, in the Fifth Municipal District, bounded by Opelousas Avenue, Pacific Avenue, Elmira Avenue, and Evelina Street (Municipal Addresses: 934 Opelousas Avenue and 631-635 Pacific Avenue); and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. (Zoning Docket NO. 14/24.) Ordinance calendar number 34,620 by Council member Harris. An Ordinance to establish a conditional use to permit a standard restaurant in a HU-B1 Historic Urban Neighborhood Business District and the Magazine Street Use Restriction Overlay District on Square 135, Pt. Lots 1/3 or an undesignated lot, in the Fourth Municipal District, bounded by Magazine Street, Jackson Avenue, Constance Street, and Josephine Street (Municipal Addresses: 2138-2140 Magazine Street and 1031-1041 Jackson Avenue); and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. (ZONING DOCKET NO. 7/24.) Ordinance calendar number 34,621 by Council members Morel and Moreno. An Ordinance to amend and reordain Chapter 150 of the Code of the City of New Orleans to add Section 150-54 providing for an ad valorem tax exemption of two thousand five hundred dollars of the assessed valuation of property receiving the homestead exemption that is owned and occupied by a qualified first responder; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. Ordinance calendar number 34,616 by members Giarrusso, Moreno, Morel, Harris and Thomas. ​​An Ordinance to codify the city’s NET 30 obligations to its vendors and contractors for the payment of all undisputed amounts within 30 days of receipt of a valid invoice; to amend and reordain section 2-551 of the City Code to require city departments to appear before council to discuss the reports detailing all outstanding vendor invoices required therein; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. Ordinance number 34,622 by Council members Giarrusso, Moreno, Green and Thomas by request. An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 29735 M.C.S., as amended, entitled “An Ordinance Providing an Operating Budget of Revenues for the City of New Orleans for the Year 2024”, to appropriate donated funds to the Chief Administrative Office for maintenance and upkeep of the Joan of Arc Statue and surrounding grounds at 1000 Decatur Street; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. Ordinance calendar number 34,623 by council members Giarrusso, Moreno, Green and Thomas by request. ​​An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 29736 M.C.S., as amended, entitled “An Ordinance Providing an Operating Budget of Expenditures for the City of New Orleans for the Year 2024”, to appropriate donated funds to the Chief Administrative Office for maintenance and upkeep of the Joan of Arc Statue and surrounding grounds at 1000 Decatur Street; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. Ordinance calendar number 34,624 by council members Giarrusso, Moreno, Green, and Thomas by request. An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 29735 M.C.S., as amended, entitled “An Ordinance Providing an Operating Budget of Revenues for the City of New Orleans for the Year 2024”, to appropriate grant funds to the Health Department for the Health Care for the Homeless Covid-19 vaccination expansion program; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. Ordinance calendar number 34,62by council members Giarrusso, Moreno, Green, and Thomas by request. ​​An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 29736 M.C.S., as amended, entitled “An Ordinance Providing an Operating Budget of Expenditures for the City of New Orleans for the Year 2024”, to appropriate grant funds to the Health Department for the Health Care for the Homeless Covid-19 vaccination expansion program; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. Ordinance calendar number 34,626 by Council members Giarrusso, Moreno, Green, and Thomas by request. An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 29735 M.C.S., as amended, entitled “An Ordinance Providing an Operating Budget of Revenues for the City of New Orleans for the Year 2024”, to appropriate State Act 170 funds to the Office of the Mayor for Inflation Reduction Act activities with STRIVE, Foundation for Louisiana, Delgado Community College, the University of New Orleans Research and Technology Foundation, and Sankofa’s Fresh Stop Market initiative; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. Ordinance calendar number 34,624 by Council members Giarrusso, Moreno, Green, and Thomas by request. An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 29735 M.C.S., as amended, entitled “An Ordinance Providing an Operating Budget of Revenues for the City of New Orleans for the Year 2024”, to appropriate grant funds to the Health Department for the Health Care for the Homeless Covid-19 vaccination expansion program; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. Ordinance calendar number 34,628 by Council member Harris by request. An Ordinance to authorize the Mayor of the City of New Orleans to enter into a First Amendment to Cooperative Endeavor Agreement between the City of New Orleans (“City”), and Total Community Action, Inc., with total compensation exceeding $1,000,000.00, for the public purpose of supporting the City's efforts to address the needs of homeless individuals and families and to maintain ongoing operations of the Low Barrier Shelter in the City of New Orleans, as more fully detailed in the First Amendment to Cooperative Endeavor Agreement as Exhibit “A”; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto. Ordinance calendar number 34 629. An Ordinance to authorize the Mayor of the City of New Orleans (“Mayor”) to enter into a Cooperative Endeavor Agreement (“CEA”) between the City of New Orleans (“City”) and the French Market Corporation (“FMC”) for the design and construction of improvements to the Upper Pontalba Building, including the repair and replacement of the HVAC system, related electrical and mechanical systems, courtyards, windows, facades and other exterior and interior repairs, as set forth as Exhibit “A”; and otherwise to provide with respect thereto.
The motion’s been made to adjourn. Motion made by me, seconded by Council member Green. 5 yays, no nays.