But to my fellow council members and to members of the public, I'm so pleased and honored to have been a member of the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. since 1988, which is a 36-year term of service and being part of an organization that has meant so much in our country in terms of enhancing the quality of life for so many people. And look at those distinguished men, how they look, the representatives. And they are, who's applauding? They are, they are very distinguished. But the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity was founded in 1906. And I'll just read a little bit about the fraternity and also, as I recognize, Vice President Netherly. Whereas Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc., the first intercollegiate Greek letter fraternity established for black college students was founded at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York in 1906, oh six, whereas, oh six, whereas Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc., in a period of 90 years, grew from one undergraduate group of seven members to an international organization with active membership of over 150,000 members. And the national organization is now the central organization to many subordinate chapters. And whereas Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. was founded on the precepts of manly deeds, scholarship, and love for all mankind. And whereas Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc., the Southwest region encompasses the great states of Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma, and Texas, and is holding its 78th annual Southwest Regional Convention in our great city of New Orleans. And we are so honored to have members from throughout the nation, and especially the Southwest region here. And whereas Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc., for 78 years, the brothers of the Southwest region promoted strong character, community service, high scholastic achievements, and the completion of college. So now, therefore, be it proclaimed by the city of New Orleans that the New Orleans City Council recognizes and celebrates the life and times and contributions of the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. Today, I present this proclamation to Southwest Regional Vice President, Jerramaine O. Netherly, and I say thank you for your service, and thank you to the great Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity for all that you do for people to enhance the quality of life for mankind. Please everyone, if you will join me in a round of applause for these brothers. And I'm going to ask if Council President Moreno and Council Member King have anything that they'd like to add. Thank you Council Member Green. I think you really, you know, drove the point home of just the appreciation that this City Council has for your fraternity, for all that you do, not just in our community, but across the nation. We truly appreciate just how much you give back. You know, this isn't just a social fraternity. This is really about giving back to your communities, and we are so appreciative of that, but also to the point of the role models that you are for young men. Thank you for that as well. So of course, we welcome you to the City of New Orleans, those who are not from here. We're excited to have your regional conference here, and we hope you have a wonderful time. Thank you for being here. Just want to congratulations to the men of Alpha, Phi Alpha. A lot of great men, not good, but great men throughout the years have come through your organization. So thank you all for all the work that you do in this city, not just during this weekend, but year round. Appreciate it. Brothers, in the spirit of our black and gold, you know that I'd be there today with recognizing prostate and colon cancer survivors, and it's our theme color for the day. But this evening, I will have black and gold, and I will celebrate with you in terms of my attire. But, Brother Netherly, please add to my comments. Awesome. Madam President, Brother Gray, and members of City Council, once again, I want to say thank you so very much. My name is Jermaine Netherly. I am the Southwestern Regional Vice President of Alpha Phi Alpha training, Inc., bringing you greetings from our June President, Brother Dr. Willis L. Lanza III, and all the brothers of Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, and Louisiana. So while I do have a small contingency of brothers here with me, and I appreciate them coming, but I wanted to let you know that we have over 1,100 brothers that will be here in the city to enjoy the culture and the cuisine that is New Orleans. So thank you so very much for always making accommodations for us, and thank you for supporting our brothers that are here in the city that love and support this great city. Thank you so much. You're welcome, and Brother, fellow council member, fellow council member, Oliver Thomas has joined us. If you'd like to come in. I don't want to belabor this. I'll be with you all tonight. I'm one of the speakers. Love you all. Thank you. So what we're going to do is I'm going to ask you all to come around, and council members are going to come down, and we're going to do our best to take a picture with the representatives who are here today. So come on around, and we'll present this proclamation. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Do I come? Do I come? Do I come? Can you can? Can you come to councilman? Councilman Thomas? K these are the – this is the list of the presenters – They are all here? Yeah. Okay. 1 Yeah, of course. Wait, time out. Mm-hmm. We're just looking for my fifth member, and we'll be ready to start. All right, Madam Clerk, we've got five members. We can go ahead and get started. Roll call. Councilmember Thomas. Here. Councilmember Green. Here. Councilmember Morrell. Councilmember Moreno. Present. Councilmember King. Here. Councilmember Harris. Here. Councilmember Geruso. We have five members. We have a four. Thank you, Madam Clerk. Pastor Bhutan will be leading our prayer. For those who can stand, please do so. Let's bow our heads in a moment of prayer. Pastor, Father, how we thank you, how we honor you, how we adore you. We give you praise and thanks for the state that you've given us. God, we pray right now that as we come together to meet that you would be in our midst. God, we pray for our counsel, that you would continue to crown them with wisdom, with knowledge, and with guidance to God as they lead our city. We thank you for all of our residents who are here on today. To God, we thank you for those that are coming to meet for the betterment of this city, Father. We ask right now that your peace be in this place and that everything be done in decency, in order, and in your name. We pray this prayer today. Amen. Amen. Councilmember Harris will lead the pledge. Special Orders of Business. The first, second, and third orders of business is a presentation. Dr. Jennifer Avegno, Director of the New Orleans Department of Health. Dr. John Vaughn, Public Health Clinic Director, New Orleans Health Department. Dr. Dwight McKenna, Orleans Parish Corner. Dr. Jeremy Dumas, Chief Medical Officer, Inclusive Care. Dr. Eric Griggs, Access Health Louisiana. Dr. Valentin Infonsam, I'm sorry if I messed up your name, Chair of LSU Surgery Department and representatives from the Louisiana Cancer Center, Tulane Medical Center, Ochsner Health, Ochsner Health, Turo LCMC Health, and prostate and colon cancer survivors. Dr. Anna Rees, Frank Robinson, Councilmember At-Large JP Morell, Augusta Malvo, Councilmember At-Large Helena Moreno, Ernest Shiloh Jr., Councilmember District C, Freddie King III, the Benjamin and Gansley Foundation, Councilmember District D, Eugene J. Green Jr., Kyra Johnson, Councilmember District E, Oliver M. Thomas Jr. As in various medical professionals, support organizations, survivors, and service agencies for their community involvement and engagement during prostate and colon cancer awareness month. Dr. William J. Jones, Chief Medical Officer, New Orleans Health, Tulane Medical Center. This is already a successful morning. I want to thank our panelists today for being willing to share the information that you have and your passion for wanting to help people, to heal people, and to help people move forward in great health. I want to tell you that today my remarks are very simple. We lose too many people to prostate cancer and the colon cancer, colorectal related illness and disease. And the more that we talk about it, the more I think people will be willing to do the screening that is necessary, the testing that is necessary, and you by being here today may help someone. But you certainly already, because I've already gotten phone calls from people who just appreciate the fact that professionals such as yourself are coming to talk about a subject that we don't talk about enough, we need to talk about more, and if we talked about more, it could save lives. Before we move forward with your presentations, which we'll start with Dr. McKenna, I'd like to ask Councilman Freddie King if he will introduce a special guest who has a special gift for all of us today. Thank you Councilmember Green. It is my great pleasure to introduce Abigail Marie King. She is going to start the day off with a musical note. So we're going to do it where we practice at home. Coming from Algiers, Louisiana, I'll present to you Abigail Marie King. Thank you Abigail, and thank you mom for the piano lessons, and thank you Councilmember Green. Okay, okay. And who is mom? Tell everybody who is mom, and the name of the young family members, the King family members who are here. We have, what a beautiful family. Thank you, thank you. We have my wife Cassandra King, Abigail King, Gabriella, wave your hand Gabby, wave your hand. Freddie, Freddie, yeah that's Freddie, everybody knows Freddie. Sue. All right. And Liliana, Liliana, and she's being held by the original Mrs. King, Madeline King. Let's give them a round of applause, this beautiful family. Thank you Abigail for starting us off in that very, very worthy way. I'm going to turn it over to Dr. McKenna for a little while, and I appreciate, I will say this, I appreciate the members of the council for allowing the three orders of business today to be dedicated to such an important subject matter, certainly health, colorectal and prostate cancer. We know the devastating effect that it has on our communities. And even before we move forward, I want to thank Ms. Lena Stewart and also my legislative director attorney Monique Green, not related. Also just got to always make that clear. At the end of the day, their work and the work of staff members and councilmen, Thomas's office and in my office and the contribution that other council members made is greatly appreciated. This is a subject that is near and dear to my heart. I think that everybody probably knows someone who has either suffered from prostate or colon cancer or passed away from it. The more we can talk about it, the better. So I want to thank everyone who made today possible. So Dr. McKenna, why don't you start us off, please? Well I'm certainly thank the city council for getting us here today to talk about these two serious diseases which are a little bit of a ravage. The country and internationally for that matter, prostate cancer of course is the most common cancer in men. And colorectal cancer is in the top three or four in both men and women. When you look at statistics surrounding it, both of these cancers are slow growing and give us an opportunity to diagnose them early if we do the proper screening so that we could – these are two cancers while very prevalent – give us a chance to improve our survival rates with early detection because they are the two of the cancers where early detection methods are available to us. And certainly in cancer, the most important thing is early detection and your outcomes are always better when you can find cancer early and then use one of the myriads of treatment that have evolved over the years in both of these cancers. As a matter of fact, the treatments range from very simple observation to radical surgery and it is important to catch it early so you can make those kinds of appropriate decisions as to which course may be better for you. So the distinguished panel members here probably have more information than I do. I've spent 40 years as a surgeon and have had tremendous clinical experience with not prostate cancer but colon cancer. So I think that the more you talk about it, the more awareness that we can bring, the more people understand that we can intervene at earlier stages and the earliest intervention is the best treatment. So with all of that and with all of that in mind, I will turn over the microphone to Dr. Dumas since he's to my left. Thank you. Building on what Dr. McKenna said, early detection is key. Prostate cancer, colorectal cancer, very, very slowly growing cancers. In the big picture of cancer, you can detect those early and you can make a difference. There's a reason why if you have a colonoscopy and it looks good, they may tell you come back in 10 years or 5 years. It's going to take that long for something to come up that's going to be of significance. The problem comes when you don't get that screening. You're 45, you're going to think about it later. You're 50, you're going to think about it later. You get busy at 52 or 53 and you start having problems at 54 and we see this a lot and now you're afraid because now I've been having some issues and an amazing amount of people are afraid to go to the doctor because they don't want to hear what's going on. But the ostrich theory of medicine and healthcare will never work. You can't bury your head in the sand and pretend that it doesn't exist. We run into a little bit more difficulty. Our clinics are primarily on the West Bank and primarily in the African American community. If you're going to look at prostate cancer, even colorectal cancer and I'm not going to have all the statistics but we have a ton of smart people up here who are going to have those statistics for you. On the ground, we do still have trouble with screenings. The stigma of screening, especially with colorectal cancer, we fight through that all the time. Different methods that you can use to screen for colorectal cancer, I still think that colonoscopy is going to be the best method. We consider that more cancer prevention because if you see a pileup, you see anything, you can snip it off. Your chances of cancer are going to be a lot less. But we also realize that there are going to be a certain group of percentage of patients who are not going to do a colonoscopy. So the recommendations have shifted a little bit. Do the test that the patient's going to do. So that's what you want to do now. I can't convince you to get a colonoscopy. Maybe I can convince you to do a colorect. If I can't convince you to do that, maybe you can do a stool study. I'm going to bother you until you do. I'm going to give you the right of first refusal every single time I see you until you decide that it's important enough to actually get done. Because all of us up here can, we went to the same schools, we know the same medicine, we can write the same prescriptions. That's not the trick. The trick is convincing people that what you're telling them is important enough for them to actually do. And that's where you're going to have to reach people individually. We try to figure out how to do that on a community-wide level. But that's going to be a bit more difficult. We try to get one person, that person, bring someone else in. You tell your brother, you tell your uncle and your auntie, and they're going to trust you probably more than they trust me. And if you say it's okay, then it's going to be fine. Especially with prostate cancer, we know that in the African American community, the prevalence is probably twice as much and more lethal. So I do screen for that. I know the recommendation is to have a discussion with your patients. I will discuss it briefly. It's not really do you want it or not. It's more when we get your labs, I'm going to send that in with you. And that's how we've been able to get our screening rates up. And I've probably said enough. I'm going to defer to anybody else that wants to jump in. But in the big picture, both cancers are very preventable. They're easily detectable. The screenings are painless despite what anybody thinks. And two of the few cancers that we can actually make a big difference if we catch them early. So there's no reason that our mortality rates, our cancer rates should be that high for those two particular diseases. Thank you. Dr. Griggs. Good morning. So let me get the doctor stuff out of the way. I just had an epiphanol moment. The stats are one in eight men in the United States will be one in seven. 1.7. 1.7 will be diagnosed with prostate. 1.7 for black men. 0.7 for black men. And then for colorectal cancer, it's one in 23 for men and one in 25 for women. I had a moment and I have to stop myself from getting emotional because I just realized in the back, sitting here, it was actually 10 years ago to the month that I came in here with my hula hoops, talking about my get checked, get fit, get moving. And I went on an underwear exam crusade across the city at the barbershops, at the churches, on the radio, everywhere I could. And the reason it was an underwear exam is because most men, when they shook my hands, they were like, Doc, your hand is too big to be my doctor. I'm not going to get that exam because I don't want the finger. And they associated the colorectal cancer, the colonoscopy with fingers. So I did this thing and we were pretty successful. But then in the midst of it, one of my best friends, Danny Williams, who I'd have on the radio with me, we were jogging, trying to raise money for the American Heart Association. And he kept having pain in the lower left quadrant of his stomach. And I thought he was just not really wanting to run because we were at mile nine or 10. Kept pestering him to go to the doctor. And he was 41 at the time. And it turned out to be colorectal cancer. And it was the size of a golf ball. And he was only 41, which means he didn't fall into those lines and those parameters, the stats that I just said. But it fell on my doorstep and in my heart. So it was 10 years ago that I started that campaign. And I had him on the radio. I did everything I possibly could. But sadly, it was too late. No one in his family talked about cancer. He didn't know. And we still don't know if he has a family history of colorectal cancer or any cancers. One out of every five deaths in the United States is due to cancer. So before we went to school to become doctor this, doctor that, well, I was just Eric with close friends and family. And right now in my immediate circle, I have five men that are either immediately post survival for prostate cancer and one actively with it who's, he might have just turned 40. Another one in his late 60s that just had it. And then two doctors, two of my colleagues, when people want me to come and be on panel to speak about prostate cancer, I usually, if they're in town, I try to defer to them because no one is more of an expert on your body than the amazing people in this room that have survived. So it's one thing to talk about something objective. And we're talking about prostate cancer and colorectal cancer. And it's emotional for me because the campaign continues. Now I got back to help spread the word. But if anyone can avoid the pain of losing a loved one to something that is truly curable by prevention and is simply a conversation with any of these colleagues or anyone, any of their doctors, then I love to do it. And I'm proud to be here. I'll stop there. I don't want to start crying. My dad would be mad. Well, thank you. I appreciate that. I appreciate that personal testimony too. So good morning. Again, thank you, Dr. Green for inviting us. I'm Val Fonsam. I'm a colorectal surgeon by training. And so I see a lot of colon cancer patients and rectal cancer patients. I've been in New Orleans a year and four months now. I came from Arizona where I was there for 11 years and came here as the chair of surgery here and to run LCMC cancer service line. I can tell you, I'm just going to reframe the question a little bit more. Colorectal cancer is the third most common diagnosed cancer in the United States. And the second cause of cancer related death. 150,000 people will be diagnosed with co-corrector cancer. And 50,000 of them will die. Despite that, we've made significant progress in the last 30 years. Incidents of co-corrector cancer in the last 30 years gone down almost 12%. Almost 12%. The Affordable Care Act, expansion of Medicaid, significantly improved early access, early screening. In a recent paper we just about published, we actually saw that now we're diagnosing cancer, co-corrector cancer even earlier. So people present in an earlier stage than a later stage. Now I can tell you that in those 30 years or so, we've seen a significant increase in co-corrector cancer in younger patients. 12 years ago, one of the papers we published actually showed that almost 84% for rectal cancer and 64% for colon cancer. And so what does that mean? And not only that, there's significant disparity, right? We see younger patients, especially African American patients and Hispanic patients even being diagnosed at a much earlier stage. So this, I'm sure everybody here knows, the American Cancer Society, this early diagnosis prompted them to reduce screening age to 45. And 45 from our studies is not good enough for black men and black women. We really think it should actually be lower than that because the age between 40 and 44, we see even a higher spike of co-corrector cancer. So we've made progress with screening better with new techniques. And people are dying less, believe it or not. The incidence of that is actually trending down because of new techniques, new modalities, new treatment options that we have. Screening, I just want to particularly echo what some of the other panelists have been talking about. Screening should be targeted. It's not one size fits all. So coming from Arizona, where we had to target the border areas, we had to lobby the state government to provide funds for screening and education. Health education is key. Significant impacts of churches and worship places. Those are the places where we can actually make significant difference. I can tell you moving to New Orleans and working at UMC, nearly every patient I see of color presents with a more advanced disease. What that tells me, if they're coming with stage four disease, they just don't know when to screen. They have symptoms for a long period of time. They just don't even know what's going on. And so screening is a key. Education is a key. I wonder where we can actually move this needle a little bit. Dr. Hello, hello, good morning. As an emergency medicine physician, I think a lot would question, I guess, why I'm here, but I think all would agree at the panel here that if at the time in the emergency department that you are seeing me, it is way too late. There's a common echo and theme that is frequently being brought up here, and that's the word of screening. Screening is so important and it's pivotal that you do so for what makes sense for you. As you've heard here, there are many different methods of screening. There are blood tests. There are physical exams. And you can work with your provider to figure out what is the best method for you to get to the best optimal health. The public health provider in me, as an employee of the health department, is saddened when I have to, unfortunately, go to a patient and tell them that the imaging that I got for them for their belly pain or for their weight loss or for their frequent urination or their inability to urinate. Blood in their urine, weight loss, at that point, a lot of times it's too late. I hate to be graphic, but these are the things that our patients at that point are commonly presenting with. With their primary care provider, they could have done testing, had their appropriate screening, and maybe would not have been to that point. As others have also echoed, the survivability when you do the early screening and detection, if it's combined and the cancer is combined, at that point, your survivability for at least prostate cancer is up to 98%. So we're seeing that when you can intervene early, I mean, you're saving lives. You're able to be there for your loved ones. And so if you don't get anything else from today, I would like to just echo screening, screening, screening. It's important. With colon cancer, we're seeing that less. I think before we were thinking, oh, I'm too young. It's not time for me. Regardless of your family history, a lot of times you may not have any symptoms. So that's why it's really important to think about these things, to talk about these things with your loved ones, to encourage others to do the same, even if that's bringing your family member to their doctor's appointment and advocating whatever you have to do. Just advocate love on your loved ones and bring them in so that we can all be healthy and have the ability to be with our loved ones. Good morning, everyone. I'm Dr. Anthony Jase. I'm a director of population health with inclusive care. And originally, I was supposed to be here for support. But my medical director, Dr. Douma, has dragged me up here. And I can piggyback on everything that all the panelists said this morning. We can spit out a bunch of statistics. We can use a lot of big words. But I like to always try to relate to my patients in layman's terms. And the bottom line is prostate cancer and colorectal cancer are two or two few cancers that we can completely cure or get rid of if we catch it early. Now, each of these cancers are associated with certain signs and symptoms. You know, with the colorectal cancer, you could have blood in your stool. You could have abdominal pain. You could have change in your bowel habits, all of that. You could have weight loss, same as with prostate cancer in men. It can then affect how you urinate as you get older. You develop these problems. But I like to impress upon the patients is don't wait until you get problems. Because out of all of those symptoms that I just mentioned, the main one that I always harp on is no symptoms at all. I'm going to say that again. The biggest symptom is no symptom at all. So how do we combat that? We scream. We go to the doctor. We get checked regularly. Because once again, these are two of the cancers that if addressed early enough, there's a greater than 90% chance that you will die from something else other than those two cancers. So if we could just impress that upon our patient populations and then get past the negative stigma of getting tested, then hopefully we can make up some ground as far as increasing our screenings and addressing these problems in our community. Thank you. This has certainly been very valuable thus far. I want to thank our health care professionals for the presentation that you made. On this particular day, because of the way we advertise it, I know there might be more people watching than usual. But also this taping will be shared with our community members through not only the newsletter that I do, but through other mediums. So I definitely want to thank you. We're going to have an opportunity and a second for council members to comment and ask any questions. We do have an organization that is being recognized today as the Benjamin and Yancy Foundation. And I'm going to ask Dr. Beth Bridges, the vice president and co-founder. She'll take a couple of minutes to tell us about it because persons who are affected by this disease need to know that there are people in organizations who are ready to hear and help them to get the resources they need. Dr. Bridges. Good morning. My name is Beth Bridges. I am a co-founder and vice president of the University of Michigan. Good morning. My name is Beth Bridges. I am a co-founder and vice president of the Benjamin and Yancy Foundation. To my left is Mrs. Jean Benjamin, who is the co-founder and president of the organization. And to her left is Ms. Elizabeth Bridges Townsend, who's our media director. Back in December of 2017, we founded the Benjamin and Yancy Foundation. It was named after two phenomenal educators collectively had given 70 years of service to the Gritty and the Wallings area, and they lost their fight to breast cancer. After that, Mrs. Jean Benjamin's husband detected prostate cancer. And we realized there wasn't a lot of resources, as you will. So we decided to head back to our mission also to address prostate cancer. We offer educational workshops. We do support meetings for our men who have prostate cancer, also to the breast cancer recipients. We do support things. We also do cancer kits. But, you know, I just attended a meeting two weeks ago in Washington, D.C. It's called the Zero prostate cancer. And we're on the hill petitioning our congressmen to push this bill that's going to reach education, it's going to do resource, and it's going to have men come in and have these tests done. It was also brought to my attention at that meeting that Louisiana, you know, we always the last on the first list, the first on the last list, that in this particular state, we have more men dying from prostate cancer because of lack of screening. So we are petitioning all of you, the council and all of these medical professionals, to get behind us this year because we want to do a citywide screening because children deserve to have a father, women deserve to have a husband, and a household deserve to have a man. And we have to become unbrothers' kids, you know, to stop this cancer because if it's catch early, it's curable and it's treatable. Thank you very much. Sorry. And thank you for introducing Mrs. Jean Benjamin Vappi and Elizabeth Townsend. Thank you all for the work that you do and it makes a difference because it's saving lives. Thank you. So at this time for a minute, I'm going to ask each member of the council to make comments but also to let members know that we have a segment where we're going to be recognizing survivors of prostate or colon cancer during their remarks. So I'll start with council member Leslie Harris. Thank you, Council Member Green, for your commitment to this and thank you to the panelists. I can tell you that my grandmother died from colon cancer because she was one of the people who stuck her head in the sand and did not get checked and had uterine cancer that then spread to her colon. So you know, as much as we press men to get screened, women also need to be screened as well. So I, you know, loud and clear, women, please go get your colonoscopy and I will tell you I'm a hypocrite right now because I have not gone to get one but I have one scheduled in April. And I had the box that I could not use. So I was like, let me just go through this. So I am going to get checked but I really would encourage women and men to go get screened because it is absolutely curable and, you know, losing my grandmother to something that was curable is really upsetting. So thank you for being here today. Thank you to the survivors and Council Member King, thank you for having your family here today to cheer us up on this day. That really should be celebrated. Thank you. Thank you. Council Member Agaruso, if you want to. Okay. Freddie's been here longer than I have. Okay. Well, it's all the panelists. Thank you for the information. I'm thank you for the testimonials and I want to just echo what has been echoed already. Early screening is the key. So I know people personally who were screened early and they were able to defeat this cancer on the flip side of people who didn't and it took them. So I just want to echo what has been said already. Early detection, early screening and this is something that is truly preventable and curable. Thank you. Well, thank you for the entire panel for not only for being here, but of course for the work that you do in your professions in our community every single day. To be honest, let's just call it like it is. I mean, so often people don't want to get these tests because they're embarrassed to get the tests. They think that it's, you know, whether it's, you know, like too much of a violation even, you know, some say when you talk about these particular tests. So I'm 46 years old. Obviously now I hit the mark where I needed to get a colonoscopy or, you know, get an analysis done, right? And so I went to my doctor. She informed me of this and, you know, just like council member Harris was talking about, like me too, they were like, here's your little cola guard box thing that came in the mail and just like council member Harris, I'm just going to be very honest. I was like, I am not sure if I can do this. But you know, to your point, doctor, it's what test works for you. So I called my doctor and I said, you know what? I'm just going to just come in and just get the whole colonoscopy. Can I just do that? She's like, absolutely. Let's set you up. Let's get you an appointment. And you know, I'd heard or I thought I didn't even really hear. It's like I thought in my mind, I'm like, this is going to be so terrible. This is going to be like such a like horrible test. Like, oh my gosh. And how am I going to drink this liquid? And it's going to be just awful. Can I just tell you, it was not that big of a deal. It really was not that big of a deal for me because I eat. I have to eat all the time. Like I'm one of those people that's constantly eating. The hardest part for me was not being able to get up and like have a big breakfast. Like that was hard and having to be on like chicken broth the day before, like that was the hardest part of the whole thing. And I'll tell you this when I finally got the test for everyone who's listening, let me just tell you about the test. So just like, just like I'm sure everyone else who's having their first colonoscopy like what is this going to be like? Oh my gosh, you know, I'm just maybe I'm a little bit embarrassed. I don't know what's it going to be like. Okay. It was so easy. And I had the best nap I've had in like I can't even remember. Okay. I mean, I don't know exactly what kind of, you know, drugs you all use to, you know, make you to go to sleep for those few minutes, but I'm telling you, I didn't want to wake up. I mean, they were like, Ms. Moreno, you know, we really got to get you going. And I'm like, can I stay a little bit longer? So the test was so incredibly easy. And I remember even coming back and telling, you know, fellow council members, because I told them that I was going for a colonoscopy, how easy it was. And ever since then to my friends who have been like maybe embarrassed or not wanting to do the test, feeling a little reluctant, I've been constantly telling them just how easy it is. And I get it. The box is a little weird. For some it may be great, but it was a little weird for me. But for those who, you know, opt to take, get the colonoscopy, it is so incredibly easy. And the best part about it, you know, if you do go and get one and the results are fairly positive, you don't have to come back for several years, which is also really great. So anyway, so that was my story. That was my message. It is incredibly easy. All those thoughts you may have in your mind, you can actually do away with them because it's super easy. And once again, if you get that colonoscopy, you'll get some pretty good sleep too. So thank you all. Thank you, Council President. Councilman Thomas. Thank you, Councilmember Green and the staff who worked on this. As I look at the panel, I see medical angels, really, people I've worked with in the community. Dr. Griggs, over 10 years ago, WBOK, we started a show, Get Check, Get Fit, Get Moving, focused on African American men and women and their overall wellness. Thirty years ago, Dr. McKenna, you did a commission to study on black men and boys. Thirty years ago, about their overall wellness. Just recently, the Brookings Institute came out a report about how black men and boys are in jeopardy in the face of every social institution, from their wellness to their economic stability. CNBC just came out with a report, Dr. Val, that said that black men and boys are being left out of the economy. Dr. Dumas, your family has been committed to our medical wellness for years. It's 1.2 and 1.7 percent when you talk about these two cancers, especially as it relates to our mortality rate. I say that because overall wellness and general health is really not about race, but when you talk about mortality rates and disparity, it absolutely is about race. I was fortunate enough, and I am fortunate enough, to have a doctor during my general checkup in wellness who didn't wait for my permission to schedule it. Dr. McKenna scheduled it and told me, with that, I was going to go. I say that because for the men and women at the table, you all have worked hard to make sure that we can live in spite of. Dr. Val, your comment says what it tells you. In the research and conversations that Dr. Griggs and I have had, there's another indicator that led to Dr. McKenna's report on black men and boys, that led to the work that LCMC does for overall wellness for black folk, that led to the efforts of Dr. Dumas and Dr. Val and others, and it says exposure to our environment. Those nutritional things, right? The disparity that happens after the fact is one thing. But to understand what Charles Blo says and what it means to be African American and step out of your door, the stresses of the environment that have an impact on not just our overall wellness, but our ability and inability to fight diseases that are not just manifested for us. So Dr. Val, when you say what it tells you, it says that society, Dr. Griggs and Dr. McKenna, Dr. Dumas, Dr. Jase, young lady, has to take a greater look at our exposure to stuff and to stresses and to stress and to disparities that other communities are not exposed to. Thank you. Thank you, Councilmember Thomas. Councilmember. Good morning. I just want to say that I think it's so important to have this discussion publicly. I mean, I've said this so many times, whether it's about mental health, whether it's about breast cancer awareness when we're here for that, I think particularly when you're dealing with colorectal issues, it's even more uncomfortable and maybe considered gauche to talk about it or impolite to talk about it out loud. But it's a part of being a human being and something I think as Councilmember King and as obviously all of you have said, that is easily preventable, easily treatable. And so much about this is de-stigmatizing and making sure that people know getting early care, getting early access to care, having a good healthy diet is the best things that we can all do. So I appreciate you all continuing to lift this issue up and making sure that people know that you don't need to hide. It's okay, as Councilmembers Harris and Moreno said, to go to the doctor and not be scared. The fear of going is actually worse than the going itself. So we appreciate that. And to Councilmember King's daughter, I heard you playing upstairs and you sounded great. Thank you. Thank you. This is a great morning. Our presenters have added so much and I know that those members of the public who are watching now or who are going to be watching in the future will appreciate the information that they got. We also have an opportunity to celebrate today some survivors of colon prostate cancer. And I'm going to start off with a proclamation. I'm going to offer this proclamation and ask that it be myself, Councilmember Gioruso and Councilmember Harris. They know this guy very well. Whereas the City of New Orleans is renowned for its food festivals, famous citizens and foreign visitors. And whereas the City Council takes great pride in paying tribute to events and activities now therefore be proclaimed by the City of New Orleans that the New Orleans City Council recognizes someone who's part of our team, Derek Brumfield. Derek Brumfield is a prostate cancer survivor. He's also a member of the Council Security Team. And this proclamation says that we wish you the best and a permanent recovery from this disease. Thank you for sharing your success with others who can benefit from doing your story. One for a second, Mr. Brumfield, that people can see. And we're going to take a picture afterwards, but Mr. Brumfield, thank you for always being willing to talk about your survival and also how you can help others in that respect. I also have a proclamation for an organization that was introduced today and they are an organization whose members are committed to helping other citizens, other residents respond to and survive in the midst of the breast cancer and prostate cancer challenges especially. But I'm so pleased to recognize with those same proclamation words, the Benjamin and Yancy Foundation, thank you for your commitment to helping and recognizing survivors of breast cancer and prostate cancer. Your work emphasizing early detection is paying great dividends in our community and we'll present this proclamation at the front. But thank you very much for the work that you've done and for also continuing to shine the light on what you experience and how what you experience can help others, the way it can help others. Thank you. This next recipient, I'm known for quite some time, and the men and women at the table can tell you that people who face their mortality and survive it is something different about them. And I never really knew why this person's wreaked their humanity even when you would talk to them or you would be in their presence, right? You could feel their spirit. And now I know why. I know why Cara Johnson's humanity is bigger than who she is as a person and why when you're in her presence, you can feel the fact that she puts others first and she puts herself second and why she's a great servant. But now I know because I didn't know that she was a survivor. And this reason where the city council takes great pride in paying tribute to events and activities now, therefore, be it proclaimed that we recognize Cara Johnson, survivor, prostate and colon cancer awareness. Difficult roads can lead to beautiful destinations. There's always hope beyond what you see. My hope is that people would not have to face their mortality or face a time when they're on the bottom looking up, looking up, but that God could give them the humanity so that people could see it no matter what they're going through. And Cara represents that. God bless you, Cara. President Helena Moreno. Thank you, Councilmember Green. The person who I'm honoring today is the father of Greg Malvo. Greg works in my office and his father, Augusta Malvo, is a survivor of prostate cancer. Unfortunately, he wasn't feeling well today and isn't able to be with us. But we wanted to celebrate him, celebrate his life and celebrate the fact that he made it through this very difficult circumstance. And I'll present this particular proclamation to Greg. Thank you. Councilmember Freddie King. Thank you, Councilmember Green. I am a handler of the proclamation for... Oh, man, you're right on time. You're right on time. No, go ahead. Okay. Okay. I am presenting this proclamation to someone who is near and dear to me. My uncle, Ernest Shiloh, Jr., he is a prostate cancer survivor. And I have it... I'm going to read it, a snippet from it. It said, be it proclaimed by the city of New Orleans that the council recognizes Ernest Shiloh, Jr., for his perseverance in his battle and successful battle with prostate cancer. Council vice president Morell. Thank you. Sorry for my tardiness. My proclamation today is for Sergeant Frank B. Robertson III. Where are you out there, Sergeant Robertson? There you are. Thank you so much for being here today. Sergeant Robertson was diagnosed with stage 2 prostate cancer, prostate cancer December of 2022, and he was assured it was treatable. And on March 4th, 2023, Frank decided to go undergo a radical prostatectomy to remove the cancer, which was successful. And I also believe your retirement OPD soon too. The last Friday. So thank you for your service. We really appreciate you being here today and all the time you spent serving our city. As I mentioned, this has been a very special day. I again want to thank the members of the council who deferred relative to the special orders of business so that we could cover this very, very important topic. I certainly want to thank our presenters. You have many things that you could be doing today, but you're here because of your commitment to the community. And I'm going to ask everyone to give our presenters a round of applause, too. I want to thank departments in the city, such as the Department of Property Management for the work that they did to help out. And I mentioned the names already, but you know, a lot of staff members on different levels, council district E and council district D worked on this, but I do want to recognize two point people who are very sincere and also did a good job today to make sure that we had the recognition in place and also that we have done those things that it takes to make this a successful day. So once again, please join me in a round of applause for Ms. Lena Stewart and attorney Monique Green for that work. And so at this time, we're going to come as a council before here and take a picture with our survivors so that we can get everybody in. I'm going to divide it up with the survivors first and then our presenters. Thank you very much for today. Very successful day. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. commands from esteemeded We have a communication from Aaron Spears, Chief of Staff and Council Utilities Regulatory Office. This should be marked received. We have a communication from C. Rick Hathaway, Director of the Department of Public Works, City of New Orleans. This should be marked received and referred to the Public Works Committee. On page four, a communication from C. Rick Hathaway, Director of the Department of Public Works, City of New Orleans. This should be marked received and referred to the Public Works Committee. We have a communication from Carrie Conteen, Ph.D., Assistant Director, New Orleans, Mosquito Termite, and Road and Control Board, City of New Orleans. This should be marked received and referred to the Public Works Committee. We have a communication from Eldrin A. Morris, Risk Management Division Chief, Administrative Office, City of New Orleans. This should be marked received and referred to the Public Works Committee. On page five, we have a communication from Amy B. Trepangi, Director of Personnel, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service. This should be marked received and referred to the Economic Development Committee. We have a communication from Amy B. Trepangi, Director of Personnel, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service. This should be marked received and referred to the Economic Development Committee. We have a communication from Amy B. Trepangi, Director of Personnel, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service, Amendment to the Classified Pay Plan, Health EMS. On top of page six, we have a communication from Amy B. Trepangi, Director of Personnel, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service, Amendment to the Classified Pay Plan, Police Crime Lab. This should be marked received and referred to the Budget Committee, as well as the one before it. On top of page seven, we have a communication from Amy B. Trepangi, Director of Personnel, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service, Amendments to the Classified Pay Plan, Sewage and Water Board Legal. This should be marked received and referred to the Budget Committee. We have a communication from Amy B. Trepangi, Director of Personnel, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service, Amendments to the Classified Pay Plan, Mosquito Control. This should be marked received and referred to the Budget Committee. We have a communication from Amy B. Trepangi, Director of Personnel, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service, Amendment to the Classified Pay Plan, Annual Leave. This should be marked received and referred to the Budget Committee. On top of page 10, we have a communication from Polo Rosa, 2430 North Rampart Street. This should be marked received. The suggested hearing date is April 4th. We have a communication from David O'Reilly, 518 South Rampart Street. This should be marked received. Suggested hearing date is April 4th. We have a report of Creshelle McLownan, Department, Deputy Police Monitor, Office of Independent Police Monitor. This should be marked received. On top of page 11, we have a report of Elizabeth Boyer, Orleans Parish Sheriff's Office. This should be marked received. We have a report of the Executive Director of the City Planning Commission. This should be marked received. Suggested hearing date is April 4th. We have a report of Anita Curran, Council Research Officer, New Orleans City Council. This should be marked received. On top of page 12, we have Artin's Calendar number, 34,555 by Councilmember Harris, Zoning Docket 8623. We have Artin's Calendar number, 34,556 by Councilmember Harris, Municipal Addresses, 2321 through 2323, Canal Street, Zoning Docket 8723. On top of page 13, we have Artin's Calendar number, 34,558 by Councilmember Harris, Municipal Addresses 1601 through 03, South Norman C. Francis Parkway, Zoning Docket 9123. We have Artin's Calendar number, 34,560 by Councilmember Harris, Municipal Addresses, 130 South Telemaka Street, Zoning Docket number 124. On top of page 14, we have Artin's Calendar number, 34,561 by Councilmember King, Municipal Addresses 342, Olivier Street, Zoning Docket 324. We have Artin's Calendar number, 34,562 by Councilmember Geruso, 7457 St. Charles Avenue, Zoning Docket 424. On top of page 15, we have Artin's Calendar number, 34,563 by Councilmember King, Municipal Addresses, 4001, Berman Highway, Zoning Docket 524. We have Artin's Calendar number, 34,560 by Councilmember Geruso, Municipal Addresses 7634 Oak Street, 1125 Adam Street, Zoning Docket 624. On top of page 16, we have Artin's Calendar number, 34,565 by Councilmember Harris, Municipal Addresses 1518 Terpsichord Street, Zoning Docket 824. We have Motion Line over M2467 by Councilmember Thomas by request, Criminal Justice Committee recommended approval. On top of page 17, we have Motion Line over M2485 is being taken off of the consent agenda and deferred to April 18th. We have Motion M24103 by Councilmember Geruso by request, the questionnaire was received, Governmental Affairs Committee recommended approval. We have on top of page 18, Motion M24105 by Councilmember Geruso by request, the questionnaire was received, Governmental Affairs Committee recommended approval. We have Motion M24106 by Councilmember Green by request, the questionnaire was received, Governmental Affairs Committee recommended approval. On top of page 19, we have Motion M24107 by Councilmembers Morrell, Moreno, Geruso, King and Thomas, the Council Utility Cable Telecommunications and Technology Committee recommended approval. We have Resolution R24108 by Councilmembers Morrell, Moreno, Geruso, King and Thomas, the Utility Cable Telecommunications and Technology Committee recommended approval. Those are all the matters on the consent agenda. Thank you, Madam Clerk. We have a public comment first. Antonio Cush, you can come up. I have two minutes, followed by Amanda Ferrigood. Excuse me, I got another one. Good morning. Good morning, how you doing? All right, so my comment. If you can get a little closer to the mic so we can hear you. Thank you. Hear me now? Perfect. Thank you. Yeah, good morning. I'm Antonio Cush, a 34-year-old resident of New Orleans since 2012, originally from Alabama. In the interest of brevity, I'm not going to go into too much details, but to say my comment on issue 12 of the agenda of basically how you all are allowed to take vacation times and how you're paid for it. Not for it. I'm not against it. I just don't care. I think there are other issues that are a lot more pressing than should be on the agenda, such as the 600 officer deficit that we're facing in the city of New Orleans. I think accountability among the city council, issues of who's going to be the next mayor and that being the topic of conversation in a lot of these meetings, I think those things are more important. I think it's more important that we have transparency for the citizenry and accountability for the actions of the council in regards to how you all are paid outside of the city council. For example, Andrew Chazolo's company, Wayne Partners, being paid by several council members of which I have a list for services with government contracting and what have you, that we don't know why you're paying your coworker. Outside of the business, it seems to be a conflict of interest when you all are here to represent our interest and what we need. We have residents who can't have lights, who don't have water, but we're here to address vacation time and who's going to get paid and how we're going to divide up the money for vacation time. I think it's slapping the face of the citizenry to have these type of things on the agenda when we have more pressing issues. To that, I'm representing an organization, Take Back NOLA Initiative, where we are going to take actions to bring these issues to the forefront and demand changes within the way our government is running. That's your time, Mr. Cush. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. That's two minutes. That was two minutes. Thank you. Appreciate it. Three months, two minutes to me. Thank you. Amanda Farygood, you're up next, followed by Michael Eric Burnside. Good morning. Good morning. My name is Amanda Farygood. I am a second semester graduate student at the University of New Orleans. New Orleans is rich in history and culture. It is important that we do what we can to preserve that culture, whether by stopping the demolition of buildings and homes or by limiting short-term rentals. So I will be addressing Communication 13 that was on the agenda. Short-term rentals are the ones that are not available. So I will be addressing Communication 13 that was on the agenda. Short-term rentals do provide alternative housing for tourism. However, they also change the hospitality industry, negatively affect housing availability and impact neighborhood culture. The affordable housing crisis in New Orleans is continually increasing gravity and affects the economic success of low-income individuals. There's already a shortage of affordable homes in New Orleans for families living below the poverty line, and short-term rentals can lessen the opportunities for affordable housing. A Boston study found when there's an increase in Airbnb listings, rent increases. Typically when there's a 1% increase in Airbnb listings, there's also a 0.018% increase in rental rates. Although these effects seem minuscule, consider that Airbnb's average growth from year to year is about 44%. Although the city of New Orleans has placed limits of three short-term rentals per city square block and allow locals who are natives to New Orleans to own and operate the short-term rentals that they live in and to receive a permit, there seems to be more that could be done. What zoning regulations can be put in place to further limit the concentration of short-term rentals in the neighborhood? And are there any tax credit or other options that can be put in place to motivate property owners to change short-term rentals back into long-term rentals to increase the available affordable housing? Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Ferrygood. Appreciate your comments. Michael Eric Burnside, you're up next. I was going to speak on number 29, which is on page 17, but it's been withdrawn, so I think I'll just not. But I will mention on number one, which I've always mentioned, which is September, I'm going to probably, you know, 2% chance of getting arrested because nothing's being done, nothing's being fixed. And a year will go by when September comes and I figure what the hell. You know, everybody else is upset. I might as well join them. And I think I'll let it go with that for now. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Burnside. Any public comments online? Yeah, we have three online comments. Okay, go ahead. First one is regarding communication number 13, the HDLC decision regarding 2430 Rampart Street. This is from Kip Holler on behalf of the Farberick Mariny Improvement Association. Kip says, obviously, what has been done cannot be undone. They can't put back what they already demolished. So I can see to the HDLC decision to allow retention of the demolition. However, I believe heptier fines need to be assessed. $10,000 is merely the cost of doing business. This is a metery domiciled investor that currently owns eight investment properties in Orleans Parish. He knows the rules and he knows what he's doing. He purposefully disregarded the approved drawings and hoped that he wouldn't get caught. Hit him with a fine of $250,000 or the maximum allowed under law. The other two comments are regarding number 22. This is calendar number 34, 560 regarding zoning at 130 South Telemachus. Michelle Schlafly says, we are a residential rear neighboring property to 130 South Telemachus and are writing regarding the provisos to allow storage on the property for this recently rezoned neighborhood commercial establishment. The owner of this property has leased space to the nonprofit Soul Save Our Urban Landscape at a 25 plus year residence behind as a 25 plus year resident behind this property. We do not want to live next to a tree plant nursery, regardless of their intention. We have spoken to the owner of the property who says this will not happen. But now it's on the agenda today. We are asking the council to deny today's agenda item and proviso and only allow the following that the building use can only be used as administrative office space within their stated designated business hours that soul may not use the yard for any type of storage of trees, amounts of dirt or additional organic matter for intending planting on site that the property, the building property not be used to house or permit overnight stays to any transient volunteers who may be from out of town, but no outdoor signage be permitted that the Rodiron driveway gate be reinstalled. There's currently a chain link crossing the driveway where the Rodiron driveway used to be. And this could be improved upon the executive director of soul spoke to at the CPC meeting on January 9, 2024 and noted that the building will be used for their administrative offices only and storage of their two trucks in the yard and will operate during set business hours. The CPC report recommendation was for denial of the application and CPC went on again were again went against the recommendation and voted to allow the neighborhood commercial establishment and allow the owner to lease the space to the nonprofit soul with her visor to designate the office space. But when a step further and noted that by right the conditional use would allow soul to store trees items to support their mission in the very large yard on site. Please consider the neighbors and the original intent that soul came to the table with next comment is same item from Kimble Schlafly who says we appreciate your limiting the neighborhood commercial establishment rezoning at 130 South town Marcus as restricted to office space only we are glad for that. However as a rear facing property we strongly object to soul being allowed to trance to store trees mounds of dirt and organic matter on site at the original CPC meeting soul noted that there were no plans to have storage only office and storage of their two trucks that the CPC took their application a step further and voted to overrule the report recommendation of denial and traditionally allow storage by right even though they are only leasing the property they do not own the property as a 25 plus year resident and homeowner behind 130 South town Marcus we do not want to live behind a tree nursery we ask that you reconsider the provides and withdraw it and or vote no that's it for the online comments for consent. OK thank you Anita. I'll make a motion has been made by Councilmember Green seconded by Councilmember Jerusalem all in favor of the consent agenda please vote your machines. We have five yays I think we're about to have a six six yay six yays and no nays and the consent agenda is adopted. Councilmember do you want to go today 11 o'clock matter. Yes item 17 please. On page 33. We have a legislative group in our next calendar number thirty four thousand five fifty nine by Councilmember King and oughtness to establish a conditional use to permit a hotel over five thousand square feet in floor area in a H.U.M.U. historic urban neighborhood mixed use district that alert that's not the right item. The hang on the 11 o'clock item is I'm sorry is is calendar number thirty four five seven one. OK on page thirty eight. There we go. No no. Sorry our our forms are mislabeled. There we go. Not the agenda just my internal form. There we go. Item 19 on page thirty eight. Ordinance calendar number thirty four thousand five seventy one by Councilmembers Harris and Moreno by request an ordinance to authorize the revocation by city of certain public rights of way located adjacent to say Caesar's Superdome in New Orleans Louisiana and to authorize the disposition by the city of New Orleans of certain land including at F4 said public rights of way and improvements there on located adjacent to the Caesar's Superdome in New Orleans Louisiana which property is defined as the city exchange land in the act of revocation of street dedication and act of exchange attached here to as exhibit a the act of exchange in exchange for immovable property owned by the state of Louisiana designated as parcel a in square 340 parcel C in square 333 and the portion of Liberty Street that runs between such squares and the first municipal district of the city of New Orleans which property is defined as the state exchange land in the act of exchange and otherwise to provide with respect there too. Thank you Madam Clerk Miss Connick. Hi New Orleans Building Corporation is happy to present to you guys the assets we've been discussing for a while as a land swap between the state of Louisiana and the city of New Orleans in exchange for streets that are adjacent to the Superdome which are LaSalle Street a portion of Dave Dixon Drive the green space on West Stadium Drive in the median on between Poydrus and Sugar Bowl Drive the city will transfer that to the state of Louisiana in exchange for the state's portion of Duncan Plaza and all of the Hill garage. So in the 1950s the city of New Orleans sold to the state of Louisiana a portion of the Duncan Plaza where they built the garage and they had their former office building which was destroyed during Hurricane Katrina. So it's in some respects coming full circle because now we're going to have the entirety of Duncan Plaza and sort of set the table for the future consideration of the civic complex on that site. So we respectfully request approval and certainly thank the governor's office the mayor for green lighting this and the board of directors and the city council who have especially council member Moreno who has lent her powers all of you to getting this done and it's been a long time coming and so we're happy to have been able to have the privilege to participate in it. Thank you council member Green. It has been a long time coming and I want to thank you for your work that you've done to make this possible. Certainly I'm going to ask that I be no added this is a new city hall that's going to be possible so I want to certainly be added as a you know co-sponsor of this but you know this is something that I know involves a lot of negotiations and the district council person and our council president was certainly involved but I do want to recognize the work of the New Orleans building corporation a lot goes on behind the scenes to make this happen and this is a good deal for the state since they've been using our streets all these years at no cost. No I'm just joking we get a new parcel for city hall to be able to build something that's conducive to what the citizens of our city need and also to have something that is of the highest tech value potentially and also just something that is a good use of um dunk and plaza. I'm jumping ahead of it because it's going to take a little while before it's a city hall but this land swap is so very important thank you very much for your work. Thank you. We appreciate that and it is absolutely a team effort we have a good team over at New Orleans building corporation. Council President Moreno thank you I mean at the end of the day this is something that's been worked on really now for decades from administration to administration it's you know something that has taken a long time to come to fruition but it really is a deal of a lifetime a really impactful deal for the city of New Orleans and also very beneficial for the state of Louisiana and LSCD as well so to all the parties that have been involved in this and it's been a very collaborative effort with Taylor Barra the commissioner for division of administration of course LSCD Hillary Landry has been very impactful in this as well the mayor's office the governor's office of course the city council but more than anything Cindy to you and to your team to Scott Whitaker as well you all were the ones that always you know kept kind of the train on on its tracks and making sure that we had all of our eyes dotted and tees crossed to move this forward and and the next step is you know moving this on to having the the commissioner sign this for his final approval but like I said this has been a long time coming and I'm just very grateful for everyone coming together to get it done to benefit not just the city but also the state of Louisiana thank you thank you thank you and Cindy I couldn't say it better thank you for all of your work and I understand that you have a new teammate Danny McBride so I look forward with working with her in the future and we do have one comment Michael Eric Burnside you got two minutes any online comments Adam okay like Eric Burnside 2215 Felicity and I stand here both in opposition and in unhappiness so the NOPD headquarters has rats and the NOPD headquarters doesn't have elevators that work and the NOPD headquarters apparently hasn't had air conditioning for like six months we are not good property owners city hall needs a new city hall because everybody's bitching about the city hall they got and it was built in 1950 we can't take care of the buildings we have why are we building new ones we have a huge amount of space that we do not use including the old VA hospital which is located here and has plenty of parking we don't use it there are many other buildings owned by the city we do not use at all we are very bad property owners extremely bad to the point where I at West Virginia hillbilly who has worshipped the altar of private property for over 50 years of my life have to say out loud in public that we should become renters and not property owners and I cannot tell you how hard that hurts me because ownership comes with not just responsibility but opportunity and power and the chance for change but we throw away again and again and again we come in here and we say oh we need new we need new and we don't take care of the old it matters I am taken for homeless often I tried walking down south Liberty Street to a champion square and I got stopped by a private security guard when I first came into the city in 2015 we're giving the way the right to approach the Caesar Dome when the Super Bowl is here they will put up fences and they will exclude protesters and in exchange we're being given land on which we can build a new building that we do not need and cannot take care of thank you thank you mr. Burnside all right I'm gonna go ahead and move the machine comes up second of my council president marina six days thank you seven years thank you Cindy thank you Annie can we all be added as members on this so significant yeah we can add everyone is thank you to authors we're now on page 3039 this is the 1130 man we have a legislative group and or it is calendar number 34,595 by council members Moreno Morrell Jerusalem Harris King Green and Thomas and ordinance calling for an election on November the 5th 2024 at which the electors of the city of New Orleans shall be asked to approve an amendment to article two section two dash 202 of the home route charter adding workers right to the municipal bill of rights and otherwise to provide with respect there too and there is an amendment on top of page 40 by council member Moreno on page one of exhibit a on the third line of the second to last unnumbered paragraph delete the blank line and insert the excuse me insert the following $44,000 number two on page one of exhibit a delete the last unnumbered paragraph that is the amendment thank you madam clerk let me take up the amendment uh first these are um some technical corrections and also putting in the exact amount to put this on the ballot as well so I'll make a motion to adopt the amendment seconded by council member giuruso all in favor seven yeas no nays this is the workers bill of rights as you all are aware we have a city bill of rights that is in the charter and it lists the the city's value statements but until now well hopefully if it passes in the fall there's really been no mention about workers rights and so this city council and working with different advocates and of course the workers of this city is now putting forth language talking about what we believe workers deserve in the city of new orleans so that includes having a safe working environment that includes having the right to have health care coverage that includes equal pay of course that includes a living wage so those are some of the items that are going to be now mentioned should this ballot measure be approved in the fall and I think at this critical time particularly with what's happening at the state capitol right now where there's been a movement for anti-worker legislation I think it's really important for new orleans to continue to be that strong voice to support our workers and so that's why this is important so long the city so long in this city it's it's it seems like workers have felt that they just don't have a voice this right here will help give them a voice with that I'll turn it over to council member thomas and other council members who'd like to make comments and then public comment no just thank you for this effort if we'll harken back a few decades we'll remember when the new orleans city council actually actually passed a minimum wage to separate us from this state the fact that we should be able to control or have some say into what the benefits were and what the workers made that city council effort that we led over a decade or plus ago was killed in the courts but I think it's more important now because we're under assault workers are under assault throughout this country and as a member of a family with leading union members like take henry my mother was cwa my father before he was disabled when he was a long sherman showman I think council member at least if nothing else we can go on offense and I'm sure it'll be challenged nis davis bacon and right to work state but I know all of the council members I served with earlier like councilmember carter and hazura and others when we passed an ordinance that was unanimous that was approved and then to be defeated in the courts this is another step in the direction to go back and do what dartha may tailors and jim singleton's and then johnnie jackson's and even after that with our ordinance what we tried to do a decade plus ago so thank you guys for this effort that's hopefully the courts realize that workers not only should have rights but they should be treated right thank you councilmember thomas council member council vice president morel thank you uh like councilman thomas i'd like to applaud um council president marano as well as step up louisiana for their efforts to get this to this point i think what's really interesting and i think this tack which is very different than previous tax is there is always this misconception put forth by people who are anti-worker that the public does not support what the council is doing that real people don't support unions don't believe in unions all they care about is the coffee being 50 cents less or the room being a dollar less and i think by doing this in this framework by putting it on the ballot you're not just saying a message from this council you're saying a message from the city you're telling businesses that consumers expect you to treat their workers properly that those people who are paying for that starbucks coffee the people that are renting that hotel room the people that are interacting with their businesses that they see these workers they see what they do and they also see what businesses are doing to these people and i would tell you that what i will find very interesting as this effort goes on the ballot is seeing what these businesses do because it's very dangerous to come out and oppose something like this when the public has shown nationally that they are willing to show their support with their wallets and like i said it'll be very interesting to see who shows up against this and what the repercussions are from consumers who have overwhelmingly in this city and in this country support minimum wage support workers rights support equal pay all these things that government says the public doesn't want this mechanism that's being done this way lays out all of that in detail and lets the public finally weigh in to say no you don't speak for us we speak for ourselves thank you council president thank you council vice president we have public comment jack reno swiney followed by david williams hello council members jack reno swiney representing the new orleans democratic socialists of america an all volunteer organization of approximately 400 dues paying members we're proud to support step ups initiative for workers bill of rights as the council as council member mariano alluded to in baton rouge the landry administration has wasted no time trying to tear apart whatever shreds of the social safety net we have left in this state paying special attention to wiping out any basic protections for workers in the name of extracting wealth from the people to enrich those who are already wealthy and powerful every louisianan with a conscience has a duty to stand up for their neighbors and for themselves to fight back against this onslaught against our rights and our well-being new orleans as a city has a special responsibility to lead on the issue of workers rights being the economic engine of the whole state and home to hundreds of thousands of workers who are in landry's crosshairs but who are also ready and willing to stand up against his efforts the workers bill of rights demonstrates our city's commitment to justice fairness and equality its passage and an affirmative vote in the fall would represent a commitment from the city at every level to building a better louisiana that goes far beyond governor landry's austere and destructive vision for our future thank you in particular to council member marano for supporting this initiative to lay the bedrock for a movement to defend working louisianans from extremist and anti-worker policies coming from our state government and its ultra wealthy cronies trying to keep our economy and our communities in their grip this is only the beginning of a fight but when we fight we win thank you very much thank you mr swiney david williams followed by britain foresight good morning everybody good morning my name is david williams i'm a stockette dollar general and have been employed there for four and a half years the workers bill of rights is super important because retail corporations lines their pockets up while paying us pennies i'm only making bare minimum after four and a half years a right to a fair living wage will tell the companies that we deserve better and a right to the basic necessities to survive i'm asking that you don't continue to turn the blind eye to co-op degree thank you thank you mr williams britain foresight followed by robert horton thank you thank you mr williams britain foresight followed by robert horton hey y'all i'm excited to be here today britain foresight i'm the legislative coordinator for step up louisiana i've met with a lot of your offices to talk about this i really appreciate all of your support i'm excited to come into this hearing with all council members signed on you know this amendment gives new orleansians a chance to finally say as a city how we believe workers should be treated i look forward to a public conversation leading up to the ballot to talk about workers rights and any subsequent policies that that we're planning to bring up to really you know back up this statement so you know thank y'all so much i think uplifting the workers of the city uplifts the whole city and we state firmly that worker health is public health so thank y'all thank you britain robert horton followed by nadiya muhamad yes morning council members my name is robert horton i reside at 2733 nugpria i'm here to support the workers bill of rights and i thank each and every one of you for at least taking the time to pay attention to this issue uh council person marino morel all of the tomas and the rest of you thank you again you know because finally we're putting the people first for a change in this city you know we know we live in the city since hurricane katrina we really haven't shipped them back from you know people are catching hell still living check to check living with rent that's out of control and don't know how they're going to make it to work or to school or keep gas in their vehicles working two and three jobs for that matter not to mention there's no kind of boundaries put up on employees with what they impose upon folks outside of their job descriptions so a workers bill of rights will bring legal protection for the employees for change essential workers are not just the folks who are doctors in the hospital but it's the sanitation workers it's our domestic industry that fuel this economy here in the city of new orleans you know and so with that being said those boundaries was also make this town union friendly for everyone that way we can all have some serious protections and it's a benefit it's a win-win for the city of new orleans overall because if you got folks who want to come and move to new orleans then it's an invitation to say we take care of our people here we don't exploit our people here and finally we know we have this issue of crime and safety in the city of new orleans when you employ folks and you enhance their quality of life then we see a decrease in the crime here that's that mr cordon thank you nadia muhammed good morning i'm marino and um staff my name is nadi muhammed and i thank you all for allowing me this opportunity to speak on the behalf of workers bill of rights and as um sister marino has um has said that the rights is to a fair living wage with 15 minimum wage the right to have a paid leave for medical care and families on vacation the right to organize the union free from threats intimidations or interference the right to health care coverage these are the bill workers bill of rights the right to have minimum wages increasingly important if you are a parent or are not in 22 states are increasing their minimum wages in this year 2024 but not louisiana is not one of them a minimum wage increase in these 22 states going to affect this year but louisiana remains one over a dozen states that is keeping the federal minimum wage the right to living wage the right not not to worry about the light bill water bill or worry about the unpaid rent or having your contents of your home on the sidewalk which is very embarrassing the right to have paid medical leave i went out on medical leave although i paid for long-term disability trying to get assistance was to no avail i was one step for sleeping under the bridge i thank god for family and my sisters that allowed me to stay in their home until i was able to get disability which you know it takes at least a year or more the right to organize a union in our workplace we need someone to speak up and to go the distance for us by having a union it's not only investing now as an employee and an employee an employer miss mihaman yes start to wrap up please okay good your time all right i'm pleading with the council to accept the workers bill of rights as we speak not only for ourselves but also for the millions of workers in the united states this workers bill of right is the first in our city first in our state first in our country so let's move forward to be the first to sign in this law thank you mr coman appreciate you anita any public comment online no public comment online i'll make a motion to adopt as amended seconded by council member harris just waiting on the machines seven yeas no nays thank you all thank you all at the top of the page on this same page ordinance calendar number 34,574 has been deferred to all april 18th on page 53 i mean 59 number 53 we have motion m 24th 116 our council member harris designated the intersection of aritha capra haley boulevard and jackson avenue as the big chief baudillis senior honorary intersection pursuant to section 146 762 of the code of the city of new thank you madam clerk i know we have family members if y'all want to come up well good morning this motion will create an honorary intersection for big chief baudillis senior at the intersection of jackson and aritha castle haley where there is a mural honoring his legacy and we were supposed to have it pulled up but we do not big chief baudillis became an icon in our city as a whole and among members of the community as big chief of the wild magnolias he is also credited with helping to bring the music of the wild magnolias into the mainstream bringing them songs only heard in the city to nationally recognized hits and securing a record deal for the wild magnolias i'm excited to be able to give this honor to big chief baudillis and i believe we have his family here to speak so if you'd like to say some words we'd love to hear from you good morning good morning i'm big queen reid dollars with the wild magnolias bull dollar senior who's my husband i'm really here not to talk much on uh the music part but his integrity as a man and what he stood for uh as the cultural barrier he was a leader he brought the music of the indian culture all around the world he also loved all indians it didn't matter if they was uptown downtown crosstown he loved all indians all cultural barriers all people so this what we tried to do would be a honor a honor in his name this is when he was living this is nothing he ever talked about uh his integrity was in you know to put him in a limelight or whatever he just did what he loved to do thank you good evening i'm big chief baudillis jr uh the reason why i'm doing this is because i knew who my dad stands for uh it just wasn't a mardi gras indian he brought music to new orleans and people to new orleans from out all over the world i really think if it wasn't for him a lot of people from across the world would not come to new orleans because back then they would not come to new orleans for mardi gras indians because they was violent so now that he brought it all over the world and i'm still picking up his shoes and bringing it all over the world uh i want my kids to know that his name didn't go in the vein i want him to know that people still thinking about him uh even on jackson avenue he used to own a theater a theater on jackson avenue he had a flower shop on jackson avenue i've seen my dad stop fights when people would like had knives on each other he'd walk between them and tell them to stop fighting and these things i've seen in our neighborhoods second and drives jackson avenue louisiana lissell i've seen these things with my own eyes there's nothing nobody told me me falling in the shadows and his footsteps i've seen him stop fights and tell people like don't put out no gun and he'll jump in front the gun and try to put it away and stuff like that for super sunday and so these things i've seen i think it'd be a real dedication honor for him to have the intersection of jackson and sambal if i'm sorry and with that he was born and raised on jackson avenue so you know uh 1720 jackson avenue yeah i want to raise on jackson well thank you so much councilmember thomas first of all a long overdue uh to to to the family uh uh to little bow the beauty in this is that your father set a standing in the foundation for the culture um on behalf of my big cuz a late big chief rudy bokai my little cuz romeo uncle benny and others uh who have upheld the culture i just want you to know on behalf of your dad you don't have to take a back seat to anybody uh you're one of the most beautiful displays of our culture in which your dad stood for and you know last time we were together i came out to watch you perform you're king of the culture yourself uh what you do now solidifies his effort the seed didn't fall far from the root and our culture is alive because of what the standard he set and because of what the family continues man he wrote new all of us for life probably thank you yes he did and thank you so much well said any online comments well i think this is an amazing timing given st joseph's night just passed and we have rescheduled super sunday on sunday so i hope to see y'all out there um so i'm gonna go ahead and make a motion second of my council member king i assume six days seven years all right thank you so much for being here today this is wonderful i have a gift thank y'all from listening i have a gift for everybody so this is one of my albums oh oh great thank you we love gifts thank y'all from having us this morning here we're now at the top of page 56 we have motion m 24 104 by council member thomas by request ratify confirming and approving the mayor's appointment of john johnson vice diane alexander as a member of the city planning commission effective upon approval by the council of the city of new orleans for a term ended on june 30th 2020 2030 move adopted second i'm trying to move with my machine second by council member green voting machines we're waiting for the votes six years no nays and the motion is adopted thank you at the bottom of the page we have motion m 24 109 by council member thomas by request adding the president of the council as a signatory to the second amendment of the non-emergency demolition between the city and dure heavy construction llc and authorizing the president of the council to sign the second amendment between the city and dure heavy construction llc the public works committee recommended approval adding the council president as a signature move adoption second by council member harris six years donates the instrument is adopted we're now going to go back to the regular order of the agenda we're on page 20 we have a legislative group in communication from winston fior director of land use and constituent affairs liaison council member freddie king the third district c transmitting the mayor's office of economic developments recommendation of disapproval and requesting the scheduling of a public hearing for the following restoration tax abatement application 939 arbaville street french quarter apartments limited partnership this was revised on march the 5th 2024 we have resolution line over r 2471 by council member king a resolution approving the rta renewal application 2014 1425 939 arbaville street and on the top of page 21 there is an amendment to the resolution r 2471 by council member king number one in the second recital delete r 2010 and insert r 11 5 17 in lieu thereof number two and the third recital after the words recommends the now of the insert the words renewal of the that is the amendment thank you madam clerk mr barn side so my world view and the governors are different i think that uh people need jobs uh the governor thinks the state needs investment and in the age of ais and robots investment does not equal jobs so uh back in 2014 maybe things were a little bit different uh 2014 was 10 years ago it's a long time ago this rta was started this is a renewal the renewals are supposed to happen after five years which would have been 2019 according to what i read there's been no dbe participation at all zero percent from what i read the jobs are for management jobs there's no discussion of contract jobs as i understand the paperwork the rta is for 50 million dollars but the assessor has the building more or less assessed to 25 million and the rta will take it back to like two million so this may not matter to a lot of people but the idea that the rich don't really pay their fair share of property taxes is uh an ongoing losing battle here in norland we have a lot of rich people who are actually non-profits we have a lot of rich people who are churches uh this particular rich individual uh let his little let me get this right here because i don't quite trust myself uh french quarter apartments limited partnership in the secretary of state's website is uh lapsed uh the gentleman who owns this or the 80 gentlemen who owned this are an international company that works in russia and other places so i don't really think that their upscale apartment is really beneficial to the workers of new orleans and i don't really believe they should be getting a tax break steve storages good late morning to everybody um in 2014 i represent the owners of the french quarter apartments the uh owners took a bold move to renovate a nearly 200 000 square foot empty building into 87 um targeted for upscale apartments to try to push the rents to try to create long-term ownership and stability including more paying more taxes the in 2017 the project hit some construction uh bumps we achieved 36 percent dbe compliance we um had to correct some defects from that happened along the way which we did in 18 and 19 and then in 20 there was covid the project has never achieved more than 80 effective total occupancy and our rents are substantially less we're here to request the second period of abatement so that we can continue to try to achieve higher rents over the long term and get to 95 kind of occupancy and ultimately pay far more taxes and do better um in the uh comments of the prior speaker ignore the fact that we overachieved on the dbe we've continued to invest in the property we had to make five million dollars of corrections which we did so the building is textbook perfect and we're proud to have been in new orleans and try to continue on a long-term basis so five years from now uh we can report back that we've achieved the higher occupancy and the higher rents and paid more taxes but we'd like some help to try to get there um i'll be glad to take any questions seeing none most of the next speaker mr scott sorry i can't make out the last name uh good afternoon or midday council scott huett on behalf of the ownership of 939 ibervil i'm kind of seconding what mr stogel um stated but succinctly the long-term benefits of granting the renewal of the rta will benefit the city uh far more financially than denying the the renewal it is a this was an aggressive project and it's been an aggressive investment and long term allowing you know this kind of niche development to maintain high rents and to continue investing in the city that the tax burden on the ownership following the the abatement period will significantly increase and will far outweigh the value of the abatement that is or the renewal of the abatement that is sought here today thank you thank you any comments from the dais any online comments at this time make a motion to make a motion it's amendment i'm sorry so second by councilmember green yeah the motion is amended now i move to adopt the resolution as amended six days no nays to motion as amended has been approved resolution as amended has been approved we're now on top of page 22 the hdlc appeal of 517 broadway street has been deferred to april fourth on top of page 23 all matters the hdlc appeal of 2502 jefferson avenue has been deferred to april fourth the hdlc appeal of 27 newcomb boulevard has been deferred to april fourth we're now on top of page 24 we have a legislative grouping the cbd hdlc appeal of wendy carrigan adlier design requesting to appeal the central business district historic district landmark commission's decision of the facto denial of the retention of installation of inappropriate permanent roll down storm shutters at penthouse window openings of a contributing rated three story mixed use building and deviation of a certificate of appropriateness for the property located at 333 st joseph street we have motion m24 114 by councilmember harris denying the applicant's request of the retention of installation of inappropriate permanent roll down storm shutters at penthouse windows openings of a contributing rated three story mixed use building and deviation of a certificate of appropriateness for the property located at 333 st joseph street thank you madam clerk ellen or will you brief us on the hdlc report yes the hdlc guidelines for shutters and storm preparedness allow for minimally obtrusive and historically appropriate permanent storm shutters which are typically temporary wood metal or fabric panels that are deployed only when storms are approaching by utilizing minimally visible pre-installed fasteners the openings are able to be protected when necessary with little to no negative impact on the existing buildings historic fabric or visual character based on this the high visibility of the storm shutters that were installed from the surrounding public right of way and because this work was completed without hdlc approval staff recommended denial of the request for the retention as installed staff also recommended the applicant consider other less intrusive methods to achieve the desired opening protection that can be reviewed and approved at the staff level at their meeting of february 7th 2024 a motion made by matt norton to deny the application failed five to one and the commission was unable to take action on this application the property owners were aware they are under the jurisdiction of the hdlc and had been working closely with staff regarding other exterior work to the property the hdlc urges the city council to not reward property owners who knowingly perform work in violation of the design guidelines and seek forgiveness rather than permission as doing so makes makes achieving compliance in the local historic districts and even greater challenge thank you ellen or this motion denies the appeal made in order to retain the roll down shutter installed on the penthouse windows of 333 saint jose of selga had moved seconded by councilmember king six days thank you we're now on top of page 25 all matters we have the university area all street parking for 27 newcomb boulevard has been deferred to april 4th we have zoning docket 224 has been deferred to april 4th we're on top of we're at on page 26 you have zoning docket 924 zayb university of louisiana requesting a zoning change from an ec educational campus district to a c3 heavy commercial district this is it right here here no not that i know um amendment to the text of the comprehensive zoning ordinance to exempt this property from the ec enhancement corridor design overlay district and the huc historic urban corridor use restriction overlay district on square 772 a portion of lot x proposed to be re-subdivided into lot x1 in the first municipal district bounded by south carotene avenue palmetto street short street and interstate ten municipal address 3801 south carotene avenue the recommendation of the city planning commission being for approval for modified approval approving the zoning change to a c3 district but limiting it to an area not to exceed 10 000 square feet and approving the removal of this property from the ec design overlay district and the huc use restriction overlay district and there is the motion we have motion m 24 117 by councilmember harris uh approving the modified approval for 3801 south carotene avenue for zoning docket 924 that is the motion we need to suspend the rules to receive this motion okay i'll move to suspend the rules second by councilmember jerusalem six days seven years now we need to suspend the rules to add it i'll move to suspend the rules to add it second by council president marino hi everyone's unanimous vote and now you can vote on all you can talk about okay thank you this motion would approve xavier's request to change the zoning surrounding the campus from an ec educational campus district to a c3 heavy commercial district to allow for the relocation of an existing billboard xavier is also seeking a text amendment request to exempt the property from the ec and huc overlay districts um steven can you prove this on the cpc sure i will and quickly i want to just introduce you to sabine levayo who's on the end she's going to handle some of these zoning items um in future meetings i just want to great thank you make that introduction and of course rachel berg who handles other items um this is a request by xavier university which is building a dorm on a part of their campus where there's currently a billboard xavier doesn't own the billboard it's uh there's a servitude with the billboard company the billboard can no longer exist due to the presence of the dorm and so what xavier is proposing to do is to move the billboard location to this edge of its campus near the the on-ramp to i-10 um the planning commission is supportive of this they you know support xavier's growth and support this effort to accommodate the needs of the billboard and the billboard zone or while also uh building a new dorm that will serve its population i will say that they recommend the modification of keeping the rezoning as limited an era area as uh needed to accommodate the billboard and so there's a modification that the boundaries of the area to be rezoned are no more than 10 000 square feet but in general they're supportive and recommend approval thank you sevin um we have three comment cards tod genardo followed by michael eric burnside good afternoon tod genardo 201 st charles avenue suite 3920 here on behalf of the applicant xavier university i want to first just start by thanking the staff for working with us uh cpc staff for working with xavier on both the dorm the garage project and now this last piece of the puzzle moving the existing billboard um also want to thank uh councilmember harris and her staff for working with us throughout this lengthy project to move what's a very important project for the university forward we're here just to ask you to to accept the recommendation of the city planning commission uh the the modification that the commission requested is perfectly fine with xavier university we are more than happy to limit the lot size and um we're here just to answer any questions or address any concerns that you all might have thank you michael eric burnside followed by david halpern i'm like eric burnside 2215 so i guess i will acknowledge the great zoning gods in the sky and say thank you for the limitation to the 10 000 square feet um i'm not good at saying really nice things as councilman green has occasionally reminded me so i will go on and say perhaps a negative thing um the billboard was a servitude that somebody got 150 k four back in the 1990s it seems to me that it's possible to buy the servitude from whoever owns it and just get rid of the billboard altogether but if you're not willing to buy the servitude and not willing to buy the billboard in order to get rid of it it seems to me that the billboard could be hung from your dorm because quite frankly it's a rather small billboard there's google map pictures and all the rest of it so it seems odd that a serious zoning change needs to be done to accommodate a billboard there seems to me to be other answers to this situation but i am grateful that uh the great billboard creators in the sky were kind enough to limit everything to 10 000 square feet david halpern madam chairman members of council david halpern 26 swan street new orleans louiana i can only echo the comments made by mr junardo we represent lamar advertising who is the billboard operator on the location they've owned it and their predecessor owned it since 1998 it's been a great billboard there's no reason to change it xavier approached lamar and said look we need to develop this property they've been a great partner with us they do great things for the city new orleans we can't possibly stand in their way the only thing we can do is agree with them to move our billboard to another location we spent a lot of time the city planning commission staff trying to find a location and this is the only one that we're able to find that is not too close to the neighbors it's close to us another to other commercial operations and is appropriate under all circumstances so we appreciate the staff's efforts we appreciate the city planning commissions vote in favor of it and we ask that you support the recommendations that you've already received thank you any online comments okay i'll go ahead and move second by council member jerusalem six shades thank you we're now on top of page 27 we have zoning docket 1224 has been deferred to april 4 at the bottom of the page zoning docket 1624 has been deferred to april 18 on top of page 28 all matters zoning docket 1724 has been deferred to april 18 zoning docket 1824 has been deferred to april 18th on top of page 29 the legislative grouping zoning docket 2124 has been deferred to april 4 motion m24 115 has been deferred to april 4th on top of page 30 we have a legislative group and street name change 423 Lincoln Beach boulevard requesting the consideration of renaming of Hain Boulevard from Paris road to industrial canal and from industrial canal to suno night's drive formerly press drive to Lincoln Beach boulevard the recommendation of the city planning commission being for approval we have motion line over m23 566 by council members thomas and green motion stating that the favorable recommendation of approval by the city planning commission for street name change 423 is hereby granted city planning or if you guys are going to give you a report sure um this is a request on behalf of new orleans east restoration project for a street name change for the entirety of Hain boulevard from Paris road to I-10 and from the I-10 to suno night's drive to Lincoln Beach boulevard the city planning commission found that this request is in compliance with the city planning commission street name change policy and thus recommends approval of the request it should be noted that part of this roadway is considered la41 and there are signage impacts to the state roadway that will need to be coordinated between ladodt and the department of public works councilmember green first how do you all like that name suno night's drive made possible by the new allian city council thank you very much um but look i just wanted to comment on the fact that the reason that i am working with councilman thomas on this is that Hain boulevard does go across the back of punter train park but i'm just pleased that the city planning commission is recommending approval as we look forward to the Lincoln Beach development the restoration of a historic site i'm pleased that people included in my district will be able to drive on a thoroughfare that's named after a historic site and it's also going to help us to remember all of the positives that went on there and that are we going to make happen in the future so i'm pleased to join councilman thomas certainly also a part of the district um from down the road to alabama street is also included in district d but the most important thing is to say that for those people who are going to drive that thoroughfare seeing this name it should be a reminder of the fact that the city has revitalized a very important asset in our city and i look forward to many years of driving on that boulevard and celebrating that fact and thank you for your work if you've already said it there's no need for it to be said again move adoption seconded by councilmember green lincoln beach name change thank you to all the community members move adoption vote your machines hi hi all right we're now on top of page 31 all matters artness calendar number 34,198 has been deferred to may second artness calendar number 34,277 has been deferred to april fourth on top of page 32 legislative group and ordinance calendar number 34,557 by councilmember king and ordinance to amend and reordain article 21 of the comprehensive zoning ordinance ordinance number 4264 mcs as amended by ordinance number 26,413 mcs and subsequent amendments to consider regulations for hours of operation and density for parklets that are on blocks that are not zoned commercial or mixed use from corner to corner and to consider amending the district column associated with the permitted temporary use for parklets and table 21-3 in section 21.8 point c and to amend section 21.8 point c.16 and otherwise to provide with respect there to zoning docket number 9023 i'll also read his other one but we have to vote on them separately we have artness calendar number 34,568 by councilmember king by request and ordinance to amend and reordain sections 146-592 146-595 and 146-599 of the city code to allow for more than one parklet per block face to allow for both a parklet and a sidewalk cafe at same location to provide for a temporary waiver of the initial parklet right of way usage fee and otherwise to provide with respect there too council members i need to recuse because my husband has a parklet on both of them yes ma'am okay ordinance calendar number 34,557 councilmember thank you thank you madam clerk we passed a motion to approve park to approve parklet czo amendments last month this legislation this legislative grouping includes the corresponding czo amendment ordinance as well as the companion code amendment ordinance motion to adopt second by councilmember merino five days six days that counts the one recusal okay now you need to vote on 34,568 councilmember we have one online comment sorry forgot the online comment this is from kip holler on behalf of the farber of marinie improvement association he says as parking continues to be problematic throughout our historic residential neighborhoods the farber of marinie improvement association strongly opposes an amended ordinance allowing for more than one parklet per block face there should be a density limitation preventing more than one parklet per block not block face additionally we are posed at allowing double dipping commercial establishment should be entitled to one or the other either a parklet or a sidewalk cafe but not both we must respect the public right of way and ensure residents have sufficient areas to walk and park furthermore we are against providing for any temporary waiver of fees those that are already legally established previously received a waiver move forward with enforcement and collection of due revenues as intended do not allow new parklets without fees which would only foster bad actors not following the rules having no skin in the game all right thank you i make a motion to adopt second by councilmember merrell where is that high guy all right five days one more recusal thank you madam clerk we're now on top of page 33 and councilmember because this amendment has been for the public to see i will not read it into the rest we have legislative group and artist calendar number 34,559 by councilmember king and ordinance to establish a conditional use to permit a hotel over 5,000 square feet in floor area and hu m u historic urban neighborhood mixed use district on square 150 lots a and b or one and two proposed lot a dash one and the fifth municipal district bounded by red allen way test street homa street and noon air street municipal addresses 401 through 405 red allen way and otherwise to provide with respect there too and the amendment there is an amendment all right thank you uh madam clerk in the comments from the desk no comments from the desk online comment all right make a motion to amend second by councilmember green six yeas seven six shades no nays seven yeas all right this time make a motion to adopt as amended second by councilmember moraino all right all right i said no nays motions adopted as amended but now on page 36 we have a legislative group and ordinance calendar number 34,566 by councilmember king and ordinance to establish a conditional use to permit a hotel over 5,000 square feet in floor area in the hu m u historic urban neighborhood mixed use district located on square 150 lots b 23 and 24 proposed lot 23a in the fifth municipal district bounded by test street homa street red allen way and noon air street municipal addresses 820 through 828 test street and otherwise to provide with respect there too zoning docket 9423 and the amendment has been published on the agenda but ordinance calendar number 34,566 all right madam clerk uh for this conditioning use would bring back development to the prominent corner now years and has been vacant it's been a vacant tired dumping ground for far too long this is a true mixed use development with retail and office space for the local businesses long-term apartments and a limited number of hotel rooms the owner is an established local developer with a lot of potential to improve new orleans developers team as well as our office has been working closely with neighbors to carve out provisos that will help preserve quality of life for those residents living in the immediate vicinity these provisos are reflected in the amendments within these legislative improvements so i make a motion to amend once again second by constant morale seven yeas the motion is amended to adopt make a motion to adopt second by council member member jerusalem all right seven yeas no nays motion is adopted as amended the ordinance pardon me we're now on the bottom of page 40 a legislative group in artness calendar number 34,596 has been deferred to april fourth on top of page 41 the amendment to artness calendar number 34,596 has been deferred to april fourth on page 42 artness calendar number 34,598 by council member king by request an ordinance to amend and re-ordain section 166-154 of the code of the city of new orleans relative to violations and penalties to incorporate changes in the louisiana revised statute 331375 as amended by 2023 louisiana act number 304 hb 276 included increases of maximum monetary to provide with respect there to the quality of life committee recommended approval thank you madam clerk i move to adopt second by council member merino of six yeas and no names motion adopted ordinance thank you ordinance calendar number 34,599 by council member harris by request an ordinance to amend and re-ordain section 84-23 of the code of the city of new orleans relative to general enforcement to incorporate changes to the louisiana revised statute 331375 as amended by 2023 louisiana acts number 304 hb 276 including increase of maximum monetary penalty and otherwise to provide with respect there to the quality of life committee recommended approval thank you madam clerk item number 24,25 and 26 increased maximum municipal fines as a result of legislation authorized by state representative landry passed in 2023 which is act three of four these ordinances align with prior council action which last year raised the general administrative hearing penalty to match la rs 3313 75 the three ordinances along with the previous ordinance authored by council member king seeks to align the maximum monetary penalty which is now a thousand dollars for first offense two thousand dollars for second offense these ordinance close the loop on the outdated penalties for unlawful illegal vending activities in the historic district landmark violations and allow these specific sections to be in line with the city code are there any online comments any comments from the dais okay i'll go ahead and move to adopt 24 and then we can go through the 25 and 26 seconded by council member jerusalem five years six days we're now on top of page 43 we have artness calendar number 34 600 by council member harris by request and artness to amend and re-ordain section 84 dash 133 of the code of the city of new all is relative to general enforcement to incorporate changes to the louisiana revised statute 33 1375 as amended by 2023 louisiana acts number 304 hb 276 including increases of maximum monetary penalty and otherwise to provide with respect there too i've gone ahead and moved seconded by council member king six days at the bottom of the page we have ordinance calendar number 34,601 by council member harris by request and ordinance to amend and re-ordain section one dash 13 of the code of the city of new all is relative to general enforcement to incorporate changes to the louisiana revised statute 33 1375 is amended by 2023 louisiana acts number 304 hb 276 including increase of maximum monetary penalty and otherwise to provide with respect there too i moved i need a second seconded by council president merino six days thank you on top of page 44 we have artness calendar number 34,602 by council member green by request and ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of new allians to enter into a cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of new allians and the united states department of transportation federal highway administration for a term greater than one year for the public purpose of developing a comprehensive safety plan to address traffic safety on the roadways of the city of new allians as more fully detailed in the cooperative endeavor agreement on attached here too as exhibit a and otherwise to provide with respect there too members of the council we've already previously approved a cooperative endeavor agreement involving the city of new allians in the united states department of transportation federal highway administration this is simply a technical correct a technical change that is being made because the usdotd made a technical correction to the existing agreement i ask for your approval of this technical change council member i have one online comment this is from michelle schlafly she says please remove sarah portius from your paperwork as the director of public works she has not been in that position for some time i must congratulate diane jatres and jennifer ruelly on their efforts to continue the study of traffic fatalities in new orleans but in past performance but if past performance is any indication of what their plan is then this fund dedication by the city of 242 500 to match the usdot's 751 631 should come with a strict timeline study mythology and a comprehensive neighborhood participation engagement timeline that spans more than two meanings over six weeks they should be able to account for nearly one million dollars noted here for their study i also hope that this amount of money they could figure out for this amount of money they could figure out a way to maintain the city's current bike lanes and keep them free of debris without dependency on volunteerism the cea could be a very good thing but while they say their goal is safe streets their plan is to add more protected bike lanes and remove our remove or diet vehicle lanes and i worry that there will be nearly no engagement with neighborhoods this time everyone wants safe streets for all who use them however when roadways are removed or reduced by one lane in favor of bike lanes without properly informing those who will be affected as has happened with the marconi next to city park and the bike lanes and algeres no one wins lack of transparency has been a pitfall for bicycling enthusiasts that's it for the comments members if there are no comments from the day aside move for approval yes second was it seconded already by council member jerusalem members please vote your machines all in favor six years no days thank you we're now on top of page 45 we have ordinance calendar number 34,603 by council member jerusalem by request an ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of new orleans to enter amendment number two to a previously executed cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of new orleans the national parent leadership instituting the new orleans business alliance relative to provide 20 weeks of three-hour sessions once a week to parents in order to help parents become better leaders for their children and families to modify the provisions thereof and extend the term there are for an additional two years nine months as more fully set forth an amendment number one form attached here too as exhibit one and made a part here of and otherwise to provide with respect there too i've moved for approval seconded by president moraino members please vote your machines five days no days but now on top of page 40 we have ordinance calendar number 34,605 by council member harris by request an ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of new orleans to enter into a cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of new orleans and the downtown development district for the city of new orleans for a term greater than one year of the public purpose of redesigning and redeveloping harmony circle the circular park located within to volley circle a traffic round about in downtown new orleans situated at the intersection of st charles avenue andrew hickens boulevard in howlett howard avenue in the city of new orleans as more fully set forth new orleans as more fully detailed in a cooperative endeavor agreement form attached here too as exhibit a and otherwise to provide with respect there too thank you madam clerk the ddd wishes to extend the current one-year cea to redevelop harmony circle for use as a venue for public events and for the public display of art orgs or exhibitions created or commissioned by local organizations and then have and that have significance to the city including its culture history people and economy the ddd intends the redevelopment of harmony circle from funding there are a variety of public sources including the capital outlay program of the state of louisiana philanthropic donations and other sources of private capital this successful redevelopment of harmony circle will provide substantial benefits to downtown residents workers visitors and property owners and we have one comment card from our friend jerry burset good afternoon council members it's a different view from this side i hope you all are well and jerry burset 201 st charles avenue 39 12 uh and as councilmember harris eloquently spoke look we have ddd has a long tradition of uh partnering with the city and stakeholders manage the the public spaces within the district and this cea just extends it to a five-year cooperative endeavor agreement the current agreement ends i believe tomorrow and to advance this this vision we collectively along with the council members specifically councilmember harris president morrell and senator royce duplexes along with the mayor provided letters of support for the capital outlay process of house bill 2 secured 4.5 million 500 000 for planning which in rfp went on to the streets and a selection is pending we had the assistance of michael carrom your directive parks and parkways and so the requested cea extension is necessary for the completion uh pending the design and construction of the project thank you so much are there any online comments okay i'll go ahead and move it's so cold our buttons aren't working seconded by council member jerusalem any one more vote five years thank you all thank you mr burset thank you councilmember harris thank you council at the bottom of the page we have ordinance calendar number 34,606 by council members jerusalem moraino and harris an ordinance to amend ordinance number 29,735 mcs as amended entitled on ordinance providing an operating budget of revenues for the city of new orleans for the year 2024 to appropriate unassigned fund balance to the mayor's office of workforce development youth work summer jobs program to provide for an increase in youth participation and otherwise provide with respect there too thank you madam clerk um as part of our effort to make sure kids are safe this summer and are working we felt important to take money that was not allocated in this year's budget which had been in the last and make sure that there's enough youth opportunity this this summer particularly in making sure that there's jobs available and the city is paying for that work so along council member moraino council member harris and i think everybody who will vote will want to be added as co-authors on this i move for adoption oh sorry um council member marina second but you are right mr burnside and i would note in support yes a bitter old man that i am i'm trying to learn from council person green that's important for me to come up at least in support once i think that kids should have jobs i think they should get paid and i think the city should provide the money and i think this is a good deal so thank all of you thank you mr burnside don't die a shot thank you mr burnside all right move seconded i think there's six yeas and we'll move forward to the next accompanying ordinance we're now on top of page 47 there you go on top of page 47 artness calendar number 34,607 by council members jerusalem, marino and harris and ordinance to amend ordinance number 29,736 mcs as amended entitled ordinance provided an operating budget of expenditures for the city of new artists for the year 2024 to appropriate funds to the mayor's office of workforce development you worked summer jobs program to provide an increase of youth participate and otherwise to provide with respect there too this is a companion ordinance i move for approval seconded by president marino i'm waiting on one more i think thank you six yeas and their days at the bottom of the page page darkness calendar number 34,608 by councilmember thomas by request and ordinance to amend and reordain article 17 of the chapter 154 of the code of the city of new orleans to collect a fee for inspection certificates set forward in section 154-1307 to reduce the fee collected by the department of public works from the operator a permitted satellite inspection stations for inspection certificates for all vehicles except commercial vehicles and otherwise to provide with respect what a benefit some some operators making a greater profit dealing with the city reduces the city's take to 1250 there the satellite operators will increase their profit move adoption the machine madam clerk who's going to second councilmember maybe maybe nobody wants a second yeah i'm noticing some of these seconds are slow depending on anyway i don't want to get in one of them moves movement by me second by councilmember jerusalem we don't want it to be a conspiracy now move adoption all eyes eyes have it any any gang signs have so on top of page 48 34,609 by council members jerusalem morain or harris and thomas by request and ordinance to ordain section 70-415.282.1 of the code of the city of new orleans relative to ensuring adequate drainage infrastructure funding consistent with the 2019 fair share agreement and otherwise to with respect there too members i know everybody will remember the fair share that worked out by mayor cantrell and ensuring that as a result of tourism getting certain benefits that then there would be money that went to infrastructure into the city however for whatever reason there was not the codification of the five million dollars that was supposed to go annually to sewage and waterboard as part of that and so this ordinance takes care of that and ensures that on a perpetual basis because of the fair share allocation five million dollars will go to sewage and water board on annual basis so i've moved seconded by councilmember harris you put in a yellow card i didn't get one oh sorry i did not that time i just didn't get one but mr burnside sorry council i have to say that the words that time imply that previous times perhaps yet okay so my name is mike warg burnside i live at 2215 felicity and i went to the governor's task force for sewage and waterboard one week ago today in the in the evening and they had another meeting today starting at 10 a.m which hopefully somebody sent a staff member to to keep track of what's going on there changes in the air um you may be like energy you may have a sevakuro you may have a sewage and waterboard or something you got to be careful so i read this didn't really understand which is fine because i'm getting old but i do want to point out a couple of things about infrastructure that's already known but i want to like put it out there in public one of which of course is not everybody pays for drainage i think we all understand that how do we get all people to pay for drainage is a legitimate political question that you guys should be wrestling with and should have like the staff focused on or maybe even some sort of little group to get together because depending on the numbers that the sewage and waterboard task force dealt with in public a week ago between 40 and 60 percent of the city apparently is not paying anything so if 40 to 60 percent of the city's not paying anything the people who are paying things it's kind of like fee waivers for a nor do you know it's like why should i pay if you're not paying right and we would like to have drainage so it would be good if everybody paid uh as far as the rest of it goes uh some of the other numbers that came out were staggering i don't know the numbers were true but uh gentlemen said that back in 2017 we paid such and such money for such and such catch basins and it came out to 250 each for catch basin to be cleaned in 217 and then somebody else came out with numbers that said well the city just signed a contract for the 10 million dollars and you're only going to get 5 000 catch basins i hope that that's false because if it's true that's two thousand dollars per catch basin so things are getting ridiculous and somebody somewhere needs an auditor and somebody somewhere needs a oh i don't know the legislative branch whose power is the purse of the public needs to beef up its technical staff so that it can keep track of what money is being spent who is getting it and why the city's not really getting what it needs in return all right thank you mr. Burnside um i'd move councilmember harris the second is seven zero thank you members at the bottom of the page artness calendar number 34,000 610 has been withdrawn so ordered at the top of page 49 artness calendar number 34,000 611 by councilmember harris and artness to temporarily waive certain fees permit fees and requirements within and around the line center located at 624 louisiana avenue new orleans louisiana in conjunction with benjamin franklin alamari middle school family dance on friday march 1st from 4 pm to 10 pm and otherwise to provide respect there too thank you thank you madam clerk um because this event took place before we adopted new rules regarding nord fee waivers we need to pass this ordinance to allow for it for 50 of the fees to be waived i can't talk today i'm going to move sign my council member dreuso five years we're good thank you thank you on top of page 50 we have artness calendar number 34,000 612 has been deferred to april 4th on top of page 51 artness calendar number 34,000 613 by councilmember king and artness to temporarily waive certain fees permit fees and requirements within and around the 900 block of north robertson street blank in new orleans louisiana in conjunction with carry fat man hunter repass event on saturday february 24, 2024 from 6 a.m to 8 p.m to specify the duration and boundaries of said waiver and otherwise to provide with respect there too thank you madam clerk this was introduced on march 7th and relates to a funeral event that occurred on february 24th the funeral event was for a beloved member of our musical community the waiver was promised to the family prior to the passage of the ordinance and introduced prior to the mayor signing the ordinance uh move to it and thank you councilmember king uh beloved member of our cultural community thank you thank you councilmember thomas second by councilmember harris seven years no names most of the top at the bottom of the page artness calendar number 34,000 614 by council members jerusalem marain or harris green thomas morale and king and artness to amend and reordain section 70-415.327 70-415.328, 70-415.329 of the code of the city of new orleans to change the name of the affordable and workforce housing gap finance fund to expand the purpose of the fund to require annual appropriations to the fund to require additional reporting to require the appointment of an advisory committee and establish the duties and rules for such committee and otherwise to provide with respect there too. Thank you madam clerk i think councilmember harris referred to this as the belt and suspenders at the last meeting and that's how we characterize this as well it simply lays out in case the charter change happens not to pass how the city would create an affordable housing fund how it would be funded in its first year for what purposes it would be funded for in its first year and the process and procedure by which it would go through in its first year i think we have one online comment and i know i have three comment cards here so mr bernside cheryl i don't know where there you are and joe so mr bernside hi so gap gap financing's different than soft seconds and i understand that but the soft seconds on the website for the cities from 2019 they have x dollars they divide by x amount of money you get 50 people that got soft seconds in the last five years so a lot of things aren't necessarily belt and suspenders some things just don't hold things up so the next thing is that you you're buying different things right but you don't have the things you're buying matching the things you're needing so you need one bedrooms but you've got too many two bedrooms you need efficiencies okay you can talk to under nika morris i realize that she has supporters and she has detractors but she's done a lot of work and she has a lot of numbers and it would not be a miss for you to send your staff to talk to her because we're buying stuff we don't need and we need stuff we're not buying so as far as gap financing goes we've done a couple of affordable housing things recently i've sent you emails the affordable housing's coming out to about like 384 000 a house this is the average cost of a normal house this is an affordable housing but we're doing subsidizing rent for a few years and then after 45 years or 30 years or whatever the case is it'll go to market housing which is what it's being built for in the first place it's being built as market housing that's then going to be renovated and sold on the open market so we need to figure out a way to get people really poor person housing and not middle class housing and i realize that that's a big long complicated argument and i'm willing to lose it but i'm not willing to not have it because we're spending a lot of money already and we're not getting a heck of a lot for it thank you all right miss valerie and then mr harry muhler good morning everybody my name is sheryl laine valerie i'm from kraut and holly grove um i haven't been to the center in a while um being homeless down the street at the eyes it's kind of hard affordable housing is something that we need i just had a birthday a covid birthday march 11 i made 71 years of age i want to go home to my community dr rogers with council on agent here's our house behind the center i need a place to stay i need it now physical and mentally i needed that i hope you guys can do something i'm right down in the street i walk down here about to walk back i might go out let the mirror again she wasn't in early julius wasn't in everybody knows me all of her i'm always on the radio dr that's what's here i was glad to see dr i'm like i just want you guys to do the right thing i got a son who needs a place to stay he has a job i've been wanting to go back to the soap and down and work some more do my artwork i'm just tired and it's time for someone to get off the bus thank you thank you sheryl i i know you were here either a meeting or two ago when we tried to get somebody from office community development down here so maybe if you hang out a little bit longer today we'll see if we can get somebody to come talk to you absolutely all right mr harry mueller thank you joe harry mueller unity of greater new orleans i want to thank councilmember gio Russo and everybody here today thank you for your work on this and for continuing to address the need for more affordable housing in our community as multiple speakers today have highlighted the need for affordable housing is a critical and there's a ground it's those are groundswell of people in this community tested to by the comments today by a meeting that i attended earlier around homelessness where the lack of affordable housing was pinpointed as the the major driver in homelessness so we're glad to see you all working continually diligently on this and we hope that as this ordinance is enacted and progressed that special attention to special populations is given because people who are homeless people who are really below 30 of ami are especially at risk of suffering the the greatest detriments of a lack of affordable housing so thank you thank you very much and i know councilmember aris has worked hard on that issue too councilmember green um the only thing that i want to say is i want people to do an analysis a deeper analysis of those who are unhoused because the housing first or the housing only policy is something that has to be discussed addiction and mental challenges have to be discussed and they have to be in there i don't believe that the vast majority of those who are unhoused are unhoused because of affordable housing and i think that we're doing them a disservice we're not looking at the people who are transient the people who choose to not be inside and the people who have drug addictions that prevent them from doing so the only thing that i'm asking is when we use certain phrases terms make sure that they don't become rhetoric i have an opportunity to talk to a number of people who are unhoused and i will tell you that it's not because they lost a house it's not because they couldn't afford an apartment it's because there are challenges that are going on and sometimes the challenges are deep within i think that we're doing a disservice sometimes i just want to leave it at that i also look forward to supporting any measures that create housing to support our citizens including measures to help people get to the home ownership level at a larger level than we have in our city right now which is the real long-term solution to the affordable housing crisis that we have if it is an if it is in fact a crisis councilmember juu said that one online comment yes thank you this is from steven kennedy he says i'm writing today to express my support for ordinance number 34 614 new affordable housing fund it's critically important to create a funding source to help increase the production of accessible affordable housing throughout the city many families across the city are cost burden paying over 50 percent of their household incomes on housing which makes it extremely difficult to pull them up pull themselves up by the bootstraps assisting families with becoming homeowners will hopefully help some families begin to build wealth since home ownership has been a foundation for many towards that end nearly 55 of the city's residents are renters which make which makes it also imperative that the production of affordable rental units is increased helping tackle the problem of affordable rental housing across our city especially in high opportunity opportunity neighborhoods will help bring stability for working families i want to personally thank you each of you for your commitment towards affordable housing and a special thanks to councilmember leslie harris who has taken the lead on advocating for affordable housing and the need for a permanent funding source thank you i've moved and was seconded by councilmember marino six days without hang on one second let me see if i can i know i know i know let me see if i can okay thank you there you go seven zero we're now on top of page 52 resolution line over r 2495 has been deferred to april 4th at the bottom of the page motion m 2496 by councilmember thomas by request adding the president of the council as a signatory to the amendment number five to the contract between the city of new orleans and hammerman and gainer and authorizing the president of the council to sign the amendment number five to the contract between the city of new orleans and hammerman and gainer exhibit eight approved by the committee aiding the council president as a signature move adoption the contract was approved after public works it will provide liability and physical damage claims handling and processing services for annual costs of 205 000 i had predicted i was going to have to do that it's been moved by me second by councilmember green councilmember green uh mine didn't come up once again it's a conspiracy i have a malfunction with my screen okay there we go five yeas six yeas no nays and the motion is approved and that's by request we're on top of page 53 we have motion m 2497 by councilmember thomas by request adding the president of the council as a signatory to the amendment to the professional service agreement between the city of new orleans and sake associates ink and authorizing the president of the council to sign the amendment to the professional service agreement between the city of new orleans and sake associates ink the public works committee recommended approval moved by the committee and now that i know i have to read the brief the committee recommended approval yesterday the contract with sake and associates has continued development of the master plan for lincoln beach the total contract is one million 22 000 moved by me seconded by the person who seconded five yeas six yeas no nays and the motion is approved thank you huh at the bottom of the page i know we have motion we have motion m 2498 by councilmember thomas by request adding the president of the council as signatory to the amendment to the professional service agreement between the city of new orleans and digital engineering and imaging ink and authorizing the president of the council to sign the amendment to the professional service agreement between the city of new orleans and digital engineering and imaging ink the public works committee recommended approval adding the council president's uh uh signature uh it's the fifth amendment to the contract for digital engineering as part of the redevelopment of design team is for an additional year at four hundred and ninety eight thousand dollars and uh they're actually the local team that's been on this project so important to include them uh moved by me seconded by the seconder six yeas no nays and the motion is adopted thank you all guys at the top of page 54 we have motion m 2499 by councilmember green by request adding the president of the council as a signatory to the contract between the city of new orleans and cyphers biosafety consulting LLC and authorizing the president of the council to sign the contract between the city of new orleans and cyphers biosafety and exhibit a the public works committee recommended approval members of the council and the public since it was approved just yesterday i will read the summary this professional services agreement allows the mosquito termite and rodent control board to develop improve and implement a biosafety biocontainment and biosecurity program for the mosquito control genetics lab this will allow for in-house alboviral screening of mosquitoes and rodents which in turn allows the control board the ability to respond faster and more efficiently to potential disease transmission cypress biosafety will act as the biosafety consultant for the board and as it board increases the in-house capacity it's a five-year agreement it's a ten thousand dollar maximum per year contract fifty thousand dollars maximum over the life of this agreement i move for approval kill all the mosquitoes get them all kill them all and the rodents yeah and the possums too if they're in your house seven years this is an exciting time i got more firm in my neighborhood now we're now at the bottom of the page m 24 100 by council member marino by request adding the president of the council as a signatory to the amendment number two to the professional service agreement between the city and ias law llc and authorizing the president of the council to sign the amendment number two to the professional service agreement between the city and ias law llc i have a technical question anita do i do i need to suspend the rules on this one because i didn't have a quorum for economic development when it was heard i do okay madam clerk i need to suspend the rules first okay um so that we can hear this we need to suspend rule 57 thank you seconded by council member jeruso i one two three i have six um members this was heard in economic development the other day as i mentioned it's an extension of a of a legal contract that civil service has um i believe the number for the extension is roughly fifteen thousand dollars and amy terpene you presented um six yeas no nays seven do i have seven okay six six okay that was for the suspension of the rules no we had already voted on that and we just did it verbally oh okay okay we'll just vote again that's fine six yeas no nays okay okay i'll need to suspend the rules on the next one too madam clerk yes motion m 24 101 by council member marino by request adding the president of the council as a signatory to the amendment number two to the professional service agreement between the city and j.a ginsburg and authorizing the president of the council to sign the amendment number two to the professional service agreement between the city and j.a ginsburg thank you madam clerk i'll make a motion to suspend the rules seconded by council member jeruso this is rule 57 all in favor six yeas no nays um this is a another extension for a legal contract for for civil service once again this was heard in the economic development committee a major painting the director presented make a motion to adopt seconded by council member morrell six yeas no nays now at the bottom of the page we have motion m 24 102 by council member jerusalem by request ratifying confirming and approving the mayor's appointment of olin parker vice kathryn bouldwin as a member of the new orleans recreation development commission representing the audience paris school board effective upon approval by the council of the city of new orleans for a term that will expire at the discretion of the audience paris school board uh we did not actually take this matter up in committee either because of the waiver issue so annita do i need to suspend 57 on this uh yes please all right i'll move to spinner rule 57 second by council member harris five yeas and their nays because he wasn't didn't have to wait oh that's right that's right and now on the motion itself i'll move for approval second also by council member harris six yeas no nays we're now going to go to the top of page 57 we have motion m 24 110 by council member thomas by request adding the president of the council as a signatory to the second amendment of the emergency demolition contract between between the city and dur heavy construction LLC and authorizing the president of the council to sign the second amendment between the city and dur heavy construction LLC the public works committee recommended approval authorizing the extension of the work that's already been done the existing contract in terms of four million one hundred and forty eight thousand dollars inclusive of the non-emergency demolition services that are already being provided moved by myself seconded by the seconder all in favor of moving for motion forward six yeas no nays and the motion is adopted uh m 24 109 was that done already yes sir okay at the bottom of the page m 24 111 has been deferred to april fourth and referred to the climate control committee on top of 58 we have motion m 24 112 by council member morrell and jerusalem requesting and authorizing the president of the council to execute a third amendment to the professional service agreement between the city of new orleans and barasso uston kupperman freeman and savoir savoir LLC extended the term of the agreement for one year and increasing the maximum compensation payable under the agreement by 250 000 to ensure continuity of services during the extension term and containing such other provisions as may be necessary or desirable to accomplish the purpose of this motion do we have to suspend rule 57 for this one no okay no um members this is in connection with the wissner litigation because everything continues to be so contested we need to continue to pay our lawyers to represent the city's interest i've moved for approval seconded by council member morrell five yeas no nays thank you at the bottom of the page motion m 24 113 has been deferred to april fourth we have resolution r 24 118 by council member green a resolution calling an election in the lakeshore crime prevention district for saturday november the 5th 2024 we need to suspend the rules to receive this resolution moved and seconded members please vote your machines five yeas no nays members this is simply a um resolution calling for november 5th 2024 vote to approve or disapprove the levy of an annual fee in the lakeshore community not to exceed 420 dollars per parcel per year the fee is estimated to generate 275,940 per year solely for the purpose of aiding and crime prevention within that lakeshore crime prevention district the reason that we're voting on today under the suspension of the rules is that it was approaching a deadline not because of anything on the city's end but there was negotiations that had to take place on the lakeshore crime prevention district side so i move for approval of the the motion as amended the resolution as amended no council member yeah we have we're still in the system oh i'm sorry i'm sorry yes right i move to add it to the agenda sorry five five zero now i move for approval of the resolution council member green can i just say one thing very quickly yes um the law department has advised us because the ordinance has originally drafted said robert e lee that your um your instrument that you're offering today has to also say robert e lee boulevard instead of alan tuson so that is not an oversight it is the legal opinion of the law department about why the language is that way so i don't want you to catch any heat unnecessarily right i don't know was that our staff having used robert e lee or who used that no no no apparently this is this is because the original legislation has drafted used robert e lee that and that apparently governing state legislation has not been changed that we have to continue to to use robert e lee even though the name of of the street has changed to alan tuson all right i know that a form of state legislator or two is going to help me change that i'm not going to be referring to robert e lee unless it's absolutely necessary but we'll talk about that later we got it got to get a pass all right five yays no nays and the resolution is adopted council members we need to suspend the rules to go to ordinances on first reader ordinance on first readings ordinance calendar number 34,000 676 17 by council member king an ordinance to affect the zoning change from an l i light industrial district to an m u1 medium intensity misuse district on lots one through 16 and 28 through 32 on the square six six oh eight lots a and b on square 650 as well as the portion of north robinson street between the two squares in the third municipal district bounded by north cleveland avenue crest streets and fernan street and north villery street municipal address 2800 through 2840 north cleveland avenue 2800 north robinson street and 2801 through 2839 north robinson street 1407 through 1437 south same fernan street 1515 and 1523 same fernan street and 2865 north villery street and otherwise to provide respect to their two zoning docket 1024 ordinance calendar number 34,000 618 by council member king an ordinance to establish a conditional use permit at three conditional use to permit a three unit multi-family resident in an hm or three historic marinade from me by water residential district located on square 382 lie nine or 18 in the third municipal district bounded by columbus street and reetta dalil street calorac street and marez street municipal address 1220 through 1222 columbus street and otherwise to provide respect to their two zoning docket 1324 ordinance calendar number 34 and 619 by council member king an ordinance to affect the zoning change from an hu rd2 historic urban two-family residential district to an hu mu historic urban mixed use district located on square 114 lies seven in the fifth municipal district bounded by apollosus avenue pacific avenue almira avenue in evelina evolina street municipal address 934 apollosa avenue and 631 through 635 pacific avenue and otherwise to provide respect to zoning docket 1424 ordinance calendar number 34,000 620 by council member harris an ordinance to establish a conditional use to permit a standard restaurant in the hu v1 historic urban neighborhood business district in the magazine street use restriction overlay district on square 135 lights one slash three or an undesignated light in the four municipal district bounded by magazine street jason avenue constant street and josephine street municipal addresses 2138 through 2140 magazine street and 1031 through 1041 jackson avenue and otherwise to provide respect to zoning docket 724 on this calendar number 34,000 621 by council members morel and marano an ordinance to amend and reordain chapter 150 of the code of the city of new orleans to add section 150 through 54 dash 54 provided for an evoluarium tax exemption for 2500 of the assessed valuation of the property received the homestead exemption that is only occupied by a qualified first responder and otherwise to provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,000 616 by council members jerusalem marano morel harris and tomas and ordinance to provide an ordinance to codify the city's net 30 obligations to its vendors and contractors for the payment of all undisputed amounts within 30 days of receipt of a valid invoice to amend and reordain section 2 dash 551 of the code of the city code to require city departments to appear before council to discuss the reports detail and all outstanding their invoices required therein and otherwise to provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,000 622 by council members jerusalem marano green and tomas by request and ordinance to amend ordinance number 29 735 mcs as amended in title and ordinance and ordinance providing an operating budget of revenues for the city of new orleans for the year 2024 to appropriate donated funds to the chief administrative office for maintenance and upkeep of the journal board statue and surrounding grounds as 1000 dakata street and otherwise to provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,000 623 by council members jerusalem marano green and tomas by request and on this to amend ordinance calendar number 29 736 as amended in title and on this providing operating budget of expenditures for the city of new orleans for the year 2024 to appropriate donated funds to the chief administrative office for maintenance and upkeep of the journal board statue and surrounding grounds at 1000 dakata street and otherwise to provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,000 624 by council members jerusalem marano green and tomas by request and ordinance to amend ordinance number 29 735 mcs as amended in title and ordinance providing an operating budget of revenues for the city of new orleans for the year 2024 to appropriate grant funds to the health department for the health care for the homeless covid 19 vaccination expansion program and otherwise to provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,000 625 by council members jerusalem marano green and tomas by request and ordinance to amend ordinance number 29 736 mcs as amended in title and ordinance providing operating budget of expenditures for the city of new orleans for the year 2024 to appropriate grant funds to the health department for the health care for the homeless covid 19 vaccination expansion program and otherwise to provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,000 626 by council members jerusalem marano green and tomas by request and ordinance to amend ordinance number 29 735 mcs as amended in title and ordinance providing operating budget of revenues for the city of new orleans for the year 2024 to appropriate state act 170 170 funds for the office of the mayor for inflation reduction activities with strive foundation for louisiana delgado community college in the university of new orleans research and technology foundation and sankofa fresh stock market initiative and otherwise to provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,000 624 by council members jerusalem marano green and tomas by request and ordinance to amend ordinance number 29 736 mcs as amended in title and on this providing operating budget of expenditures for the city of new orleans for the year 2024 to appropriate state act 170 funds to the office of the mayor for inflation reduction activities with strive foundation for louisiana delgado community college the university of new orleans research and technology foundation and technology foundation this and kofa fresh market initiative and otherwise to provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,000 628 by council member harris by request and on this authorizing mayor the city of new orleans to enter into a first amendment to the cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of new orleans and total community action in with a total compensation exceeding one million for the public purpose of supporting the city efforts to address the needs of homeless individuals and families to maintain ongoing operations of the low barrier shelter in the city of new orleans as more fully detailed in the first amendment cooperative endeavor agreement form attached here to exhibit a and otherwise to provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,000 629 by council members king green and tomas by request and ordinance to operate to authorize the mayor the city of new orleans to enter into a cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of new orleans and the frenchmore cooperation for the design and construction of improvements to the upper pontella building including the repair and replacement of the hvax system related electrical and mechanical systems core yours windows facade and other exterior interior repairs as set forth in the form attached here too is exhibit a and may appear here of an otherwise to provide respect there too that concludes all this on first reading all right thank you uh the motion has been made to adjourn council member green seconded by me five yes no nays design