you you you you you you you you you you you you members of the Holy Cross team and the coaches, I know that you all are excited about getting back to school. Give me five more minutes. Councilman Giroir is going to come and join us. Thank you. you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you Coach in the middle, you can be on the right, he can be coach in the middle. Yeah, right there, okay. Good morning, everyone. On today, we celebrate the success, the championship team, the Holy Cross soccer team, which won the Division II Boys State Soccer Championship this year. They've won the championship five out of the last seven years. Congratulations on that great success. And this year ended with a record of 24 and 4. During that particular game, Grayson Serkowch, or the Serkovich, Serkovich scored one goal, and Eric Santamaria was named the outstanding player for the match. We are so pleased to have you here today. We appreciate your patience, but it's always great to celebrate what our youth are doing in our city and you all, with not only this championship, but just being so competitive every year are an example of why our city is great, why our youth are doing such great things in our city. I'll ask our coaches to make a couple of comments before I read the proclamation that we have for them and for you all. We wanna thank you for having us today. The boys had a special year, finished with the championship. We're very proud of their work, and it is very important the youth in the city doing good things on and off the field. I think they represent a great part of our school. We're proud to be here today. We appreciate you having us. Thank you. All right, you're welcome. You come to the desk, you have to comment. I would obviously like to echo Coach Millett's sentiment. It's a wonderful honor for us to be here. These boys do work extremely hard, and to get the recognition from people like yourselves is truly an honor, and we are extremely blessed to be here. Thank you ever so much. Okay, give me one. We have proclamations for each of our players, which are basically thanking you for your contributions and your success, for enhancing the quality of life for residents of our great city. Our players are, and we have time to do so, Andrew Turo, Chase Devernay, Mason Sanderson, Emmett Scoble, Evan Daughtry, Aaron Jackson, Jonathan Molina, Grayson Circovitch, Carter Spencer, Caleb O'Neill, Christian Oliva, Seth Rutman, Briley Blake, Ansel Gomez, Remy Sauerin, Cole Osborne, Jackson Stratman, Isaac Arnold, Eric Santamaria, Vance Andree, Cooper Walterman, Aiden Cardarara, Anthony Mackey, and Nathaniel Simpson. Did I mention everyone? Did I mention anyone's name? Did I mention anyone's name? And of course to our director of soccer, Stuart Hayers, the head coach, Matt Millett, and the assistant coach, Nestor Peralta. As the councilman for District D, which includes Holy Cross, I'm so proud of the work that you all do, and I and Councilman Derusso are fellow graduates of the Catholic League schools, so we are so pleased that you all are representing that school so well, and we have Councilman Morrell here. He's from that other school, that country day school. He's not part of the Catholic League. He couldn't be so, ever see, enjoyed us. But no, this is Councilman Morrell that's here. He's the president of the council, and Councilman Derusso. So we thank you all and congratulate you once again. I'm gonna ask that you all all come forward after Councilman Derusso and Councilman Morrell wishes to speak. They have an opportunity to say something to you, and we're gonna do our best to get a good photo up here up front for our social media. Councilman Derusso. Well, look, I just wanna say congrats, guys. Obviously, we all root for our alma maters, but I think it's just like anything else. If yours doesn't succeed, you wanna see the other Catholic schools succeed, and we're so proud of you. We know how hard this is, what kind of commitment it takes, all the hard work that you all have to put in, and I think the biggest thing is you all accomplished it as a team. Congrats. What else they don't know? Sorry, I'm late, gentlemen. I appreciate your accomplishments. I'm sure you guys, are you guys off this week? So you're glad to be here, because you're skipping class. Okay, well, we're happy to have you here while you skip class. Appreciate it. I apologize for keeping them here so long. They didn't seem to mind. They don't mind. Players, come around, and we're gonna just do our best. It doesn't have to be a perfect photo, but we're gonna stand right here in the front and take a photo. We'll have our social media posts. Council members, Geruso and Morrell will join. All right, thanks. I'll be down in a second. Thank you. I am. You want to come forward? Come on. Yeah. Come on. Come on. Come on. These are your friends. I'm pretty good. Sit under here. This is not a seat I like to sit in. You're not swimming in the water. Y'all want to talk about that though. Well, I obviously by the banner before I am even sat down, it goes to show what high regard that we hold you in. And I'm you know, a lot of times when we're here you kind of get in the mood of how what you want to say but I was actually thinking more about you and I think councilmember Morrell in particular can respond to this. It's it's really tough when you are sometimes related to a parent who has who has in your case a huge if not iconic legacy in the city. And then I think on top of that sometimes people people want to attribute that to your parent what you have and not necessarily to your own talent and your own hard work. And I don't want anybody to take away or diminish or many of your own accomplishments of what you've done and running your company and getting this incredible SBA award where you've told me that they may be following you around and making sure that you get the recognition and really the public notoriety that you so richly deserve. And I guess sort of just enclosing, you know, the banner we did and giving you a hard time is because we love you and you know, you don't you don't see us do these things when when we're frustrated or we don't have a relationship with somebody. But I think all these people up here. I know all these people up here have a relationship, respect you, love you and want nothing but success for you. I appreciate it. The feeling is absolutely the same. And I'm gonna turn it over to my colleagues. Hey, good morning, my friend. Good to see you. Well, of course, congratulations. You know, we saw it all over social media and really promoted everywhere your success and recognition. But at the same time, I think that you're up for like a national award to is that correct? Yeah, I'm in the running. There's only 49 other people I have to compete with only 49 but still out of the country. Like that's actually not that many. Is there anything we can do to help you maybe amplify you what we can do to get you to be number one? I don't know. I feel like this is amazing. I'm so honored to be sitting on this side of this table for a good reason. I don't know anything that that you can do outside of what you're doing right now and just being able to be recognized by my home city. You know, it's Louisiana, right? I don't always feel like I'm a welcome part of the state all the time. But in New Orleans and in this city, I always feel welcome. It always feels like home. And I thank you all. I think for everything you're doing, you all are part of the reasons why I feel like that. Well, I'll say this. I mean, obviously, obviously we're proud of this recognition that you're getting. But I'm mostly proud of you, of the person who you are and the leadership and the type of role model who you are, for particularly other women in this city, you are in a male dominated field and you are obviously, as we're recognizing you today, succeeding, you know, leaps and bounds above many others. And so it's very important for young girls to see people in your position so that they can say, wait, I can do that, too. Absolutely. And I can be in that type of engineering field. And that's also for me. It's not just because it's construction engineering doesn't mean that it's a male has to be a male dominated field. And there are a lot of great opportunities for women in these fields if they believe that they can be there. And you're one of the people that's making them believe that they can be there. You can see it. You can believe it. Absolutely. Love you, my friend. Congrats to you. I love you, too. I appreciate you. My girl. As Joe said, I think it's so important. You really are what New Orleans is supposed to be. You're someone who comes from our community, grew up through the ranks, knows where you came from, knows where you're going. And I cannot be mean I can say I couldn't be more proud of you, but every day you do something else that makes me more proud of you. And it's just everything you stand for is what's good about this city. You are who you are. You're unapologetic about who you are. And as you said, I mean, this is a state that might be the least welcoming place on Earth, but you succeed and thrive in this city because we exist as a bastion against what the state's becoming. Absolutely. And I feel like if we were being honest to ourselves, we'd be celebrating you every day because there's always some new accomplishment that you're doing. So even if we don't have a proc for you every single day because you've won a new award, know that this council, this city, we're constantly behind the scenes cheering you because every step you take, as the council president said, every new young woman, young black woman you're expiring, you're laying the groundwork. You are the pathfinder who's laying the path for all these people, all these young girls, all these young black girls to be successful because they see you and they go, I can do that. I'm standing on big shoulders. Well, you stand on you. You have plenty of big shoulders yourself. And I have been so blessed to have your friendship, my family to have your friendship for so long. Our families would be so close, but your accomplishments are just staggering. And I am so happy today to be a small cheering component of all the things that you've done and will do. Thank you. Thank you. Can I have a green? Congratulations to you. And it was well said by Councilman. But at the risk of being redundant, I will say this. You are a tremendous role model for many in our city, especially African American women and girls. Your business success reminds me that if you work really hard in our city and you're focused, that you can be successful in business, but also contribute greatly to the community as you've done so to your work with various organizations. You've helped move our city forward. And in the midst of some of the challenges that we have, you serve as an inspiration to a lot of other people to recognize that those challenges exist. Though we have historic barriers to success, you can, if you work really hard, be a part of the success of our city. So I can't say enough that would say the right words to say thank you for what you do. And congratulations to you on your successes. And the great thing is that you're very young and there's a whole lot more ahead. I'm looking forward to seeing your continuing successes for many decades to come and to looking forward to working with you. Thank you, sir. I enjoy working with you a whole lot. You know, you my councilman. We work so well together, but everybody up here. I thank you so much. All right. Welcome. Council member Thomas. Thank you. Well, I mean, I'm not surprised at any accomplishment that you make. You've done what you were bred to do, born to do. You've always overcome stereotypes. I can go back and remember that one on one game we played in my mom's driveway. You remember that. You remember who won? Yeah, yeah, I do. I do. So you've always accepted challenges. I think the best thing I can say, knowing your family and knowing your history, being family, is that you took a brand. You're not only stabilized it, but you expanded it. You built on it and you made it mean something not just for your dad and your family. You made it mean something for everybody else. So all that other stuff is fine. But there were a lot of people who were waiting and watching thought you maybe would have failed. There were a lot of people on the sideline thinking you couldn't do not only with your dad did, but then you surprised them and you did something even bigger because you made that brand. And the women thing is fine, but you've always been bigger than just the gender. You're one of those people that have been about your people and about your community. So my mom's not here anymore. Your dad's not here anymore. But, you know, your family and the people who love you, you've always been exceptional and you continue to be and keep being because we're counting on you to be bigger and better every year, every day. Thank you. Thank you for the big shoulders too. I appreciate you. Thank you. I am. I'm just going to read a couple of paragraphs here. I'm not going to read the whole thing, but I think we've touched on these and just want to stress how important it is to each of us. Says whereas as president and CEO of the 100% female minority owned civil engineering form specializing in sewer water streets and drainage sign projects. I am. See Tucker has grown the company from nine to more than 50 employees while expanding its revenues and services locally, nationally and globally. Whereas in addition to the award she has received, I am. See Tucker now joins an elite group of individuals exemplifying excellence, innovation and commitment and their achievements and impact on their communities and economy and is awarded the 2024 Small Business Administration Louisiana District Person of the Year Award. And you'll actually get that award in Washington DC on April 2829. We're going to come present this proclamation to you as a small token of our love and appreciation and take some pictures with you too. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right, Madam Clerk, are you ready? Roll call roll call. Councilmember Thomas. All right. Councilmember. Present. Present. We don't remember more. We're gonna have to sing it. We're gonna have to sing it. Councilmember morelle. Councilmember Moreno. Present. Councilmember King. Councilmember Harris. Councilmember Jerusalem. We have seven members. We have a quarter. Thank you, Madam Clerk. Our invocation will be led by Pastor Botan. For those who can stand, please do so. Thank you. If you will rise for a moment of prayer. Father, how we thank you, how we honor you, how we adore you. We thank you for your grace and for your mercy for allowing us to be in this place this morning. We ask that your presence would fill this place. We ask that you would be with our leaders there, God, our council, our residents. We pray right now for a spirit of unity and a peace to reside as we come together to make this city better. We thank you for all that you have done and all that you will do. We give you praise, glory, and honor. We ask this in your name. We pray. Amen. Our pledge will be led by Councilmember King. To the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Councilmember Thomas, for a special presentation. Mark, time. Yeah, but I think for the color guard, we actually have to sing the anthem. Please. Okay. Oh, I'll be doing it anyway. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Shoulder. Ready. Right. Forward. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. All right. Special orders of business. The first order of business is a presentation. Larry Barobino, CEO of Nordic, Larry White, youth coach for Saint Rock Playground. Antwah Henderson, site facilitator and used coach for Sampson Playground. Larry Cook, site facilitator and youth coach for Bunny Friend Playground. Deontay Deuce Walker, program director for Parasite Skate Park. Yanda Shaq Brown, youth coach for Lehman Playground. Dwayne Venet, youth coach for Puncher Train Park. Honoring the Nordic coaches of District D, which includes St. Brock Sampson, Bunny Friend, McHugh, Millenie, Hardin, Lehman, Hunter's Field, Puncher Train Park, Willie Hall and Stallings on their commitment to youth programming in New Orleans. Members of the City Council and members of the public gathered and also watching, I'm just so pleased to represent Council District D. I know that each of our districts, our council members are proud of their parks. This is the area in which I grew up and it's an area that includes, as we know, eight high schools, six schools of higher education, but also 31 parks, recreation centers and play spots and 120 registered Nordic coaches, who many times don't get some of the recognition that they certainly deserve. But I want to let them know today that we recognize and thank them for their work. Today, we honor these coaches, their selflessness, and also celebrate their commitment and profound impact on our youth. You all, the coaches, stand as beacons of guidance and mentors to the next generation. You are truly on the front lines. You are pillars of the community and we extend our gratitude to you, coaches, citywide, parents, site facilitators, sponsors, and most importantly, the youth, many of whom are watching today. Thank you for shaping the hearts and minds of the youth of New Orleans, and you all, you coaches, are shaping a better future for the city of New Orleans. We do have many coaches who are watching online. We have some coaches here today. I'm going to turn over the floor to Mr. Larry Barabino to introduce those who are at the table today. And thank you, Larry, for the work that you and Nard do that helps to organize coaches, not only in District D, but throughout the city. But with 31 parks and 120 coaches, I think that there's something special about what's going on in our parks. And I thank you for your work. Would you introduce who's at the table? This is Mr. Larry Barabino, the Executive Director of New Orleans Recreation Development Commission. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Good morning, Council members. First of all, Councilman Green, thank you for asking us to assemble, to recognize the coaches of District D. As he's indicated, there's about 120 plus coaches through Nard that's registered in District D. However, we have close to 500 coaches citywide, right? This is only representing District D. And we at Nard are grateful for our volunteer coaches because Nard is built on the backs of volunteers. It is the efforts. It is the support. It is the commitments of the volunteer coaches citywide that makes sure that Nard have productive and safe places for our kids to be. Because of course, you guys know my budget couldn't hold employing over close to 500 volunteers that are here. But nationally, though, the most successful parks and rec agencies are built on the backs of those volunteers with their sweat equity, with their time, with their efforts, energy, and also their personal contributions to the kids in cities, to the kids throughout the cities, but specifically to the kids of the city of New Orleans. And so we have assembled here today just some of the coaches that are here that represents coaching in District D. And I'll be remiss, one of our coaches couldn't be here, but I definitely wanted to make sure of all our coaches here that I acknowledge. Coach Earnest Gathers, who have dedicated over 30 years as a volunteer coach with Nard, but also with that Earnest Gathers and Earnest Gathers is a coach that he's a former city employee that dedicated 30 years working for the city of New Orleans. And he couldn't be here, but he's one of those guys who today, these younger coaches, stand on his shoulders. The younger coaches that came behind him at Willy Hall Playground stand on his shoulders. But today, we have with us representation from different parks and playgrounds. And I want to again thank them for all that they do. There's nothing perfect, right? But we know that we work through every challenge that we get at Nard to ensure that all of our kids in the city have the opportunity. And these coaches are the reason that you see not only with the sports side of it, but we have volunteers on the cultural side as well as on our outdoor side of it. So we want to acknowledge all of those volunteers. And I will yield to allow a no-constment. You guys have it set up for each of the different individuals at the tables to say a few words. So I will yield for that to take place. Good morning. How are you guys doing? Brian Randolph, representation of Willy Hall Playground. First off, I want to thank you guys for allowing us this chance to be recognized and also understand the work we do. But we also understand the work you guys do. Thank you for the work you do running the city, helping our city grow each and every day. I don't know how many people tell you thank you, but genuinely thank you to everybody in all the districts that help us get to what we need to get at. And we appreciate this opportunity from Willy Hall Playground. Thank you. Pass it on to my guy Shaq. Leanne, the coach Shaq Brown, Lehman Playground. I'm here because what I saw in me was I graduated, this year will be 30 years. And I graduated May 31st, 1995. And by June 5th, I was at the community center telling them that I wanted to help kids. And I didn't want anything from it. Next year will be 30 years that I'm still saying the same thing. What we see here is what we have to embrace with our children. Not all of them are coming from good backgrounds, but most importantly, they trust in us. They want us to push what it is that they believe in. And then a lot of times we tend to turn around what they want. So what I'll show y'all today is really quick is to have a shirt on that says it's okay to be a nerd. That's the shirt that I have on. And it comes from my 10-year-old son. He was being bullied. He was being called a nerd and talk about his glasses. So what I did is I took a picture of him and I said, we're going to embrace that. We're going to embrace who you are today in a world that's filled with violence and guns and everybody promoting their own thing. I told him we're going to embrace that. And what I did is I brought shirts for all the council members today. Oh, thank you. Y'all going to have a shirt before y'all leave. My name is Larry Cook. I've been a straight forward player and a running friend in 1966. I was one of the first African men to play at running friend. And the first thing I want to talk about is my coach. The main thing that we was here for. I had a coach named Miss Darling Shaw. She, when I was out sick, didn't know what I was going to make it back. So she was able to be able to want to take over the park and make sure that it ran correctly. And most of the neighbors that was in the neighborhood, they took on. And when I came back, she continued to work with me. And another person I want to give out is called Eric Castle. Eric Castle is a person that we built a baseball field and a running friend. He used to keep him. He's the one that keep up the park every day. He comes out every day to help me keep up the park. Next thing I wanted to talk about is it's not negative. It's a rule change. A rule change that when the founders founded NARA, because at one time NARA was the best in the country. I don't know if anybody knew that. But one thing that one rules that when they came out and they figured out how to balance each park throughout the country. And what they did was they made rules. When they made rules, they were enforcing. What they did was they made every kid in the community play. Because when they changed the rules, it was a little racial. Because what happened was that they played black and white played black. But they still balanced it out. Because I was there in 1966. And at the time when I was there, like I said, I was one of the first African-American players, Bonnie Friend. And I think that we need to look at that rule. One thing that I would love to happen that City Council can do is that City Council can come a committee. What the committee does, they will come out and they will go out and they will come to the games. And what they would do is they would speculate what we're doing. And one thing is that a couple of things that I think is very, I know is very, very important. Like I said, I've been around this program for 37 years. I was a volunteer coach for 27 years. I know I'm part of the volunteer coaches. Then what happened, I was a full year as an acting supervisor. And I've been a supervisor for 15 years. So I know about this because I've seen this recreation change. And one reason I found out that it was number one, that we played for, I played for a team called the New Orleans Vikings. It was a team that we, we did, we played teams from all over the country. Then we played, we played, we went to play Philadelphia. And when I went to play Philadelphia, what happened was that before we went to the game, the guys sit down and told me that we was one of the best in the country. And I said, thank you. Peace everybody. Today I'd like to give thanks to the city of New Orleans, NORD and city council for having us. I truly appreciate being recognized as this is the first time anyone from our specific community has been in this position. I'm honored to be represented for one very unique part of New Orleans culture, which is the skateboard culture. Our persistence in staying active and collectively uplifting the seven war area has been noticed and we appreciate that. I'd like to thank the entire skate community, specifically humidity skate shop, Johnny Beasley, Brandon Beasley of aircrafts clothing, and Brent of therapy skate shops, as well as Cape pasta NOLA and the consistent hands on people providing resources in that space. Whether they became for before me or after me. This is a win for all of us. We are hoping because of meetings like this, we have political and financial back in front of city and the state to show support that NORD has for us for program directors such as myself. Hopefully this meeting creates the relationships necessary for us to be able to solidify simple things like water fountains, restroom facilities, working electricity, storage containers, helmets, and padding, um, security guards to be secured specifically, but not to be policed. These are just some of the short term goals we're aiming for, um, in support of everything that you are doing. We appreciate you from the skate community. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Nick Thomas. I'm a representative of Samson playground in the night water area, and it is truly an honor to be here and to be able to receive recognition from all of you. My actions that you continue to work with NORD and Mr. Larry to allow us to continue to change lives because when we are able to do that, whether you all know it or not, you are also changing lives. Uh, so we do have need at Samson, but again, we've had conversation with Mr. Larry and we know that it is important to him to allow us to continue to move forward. I do have a message. It will be very quick that I would like to share. There's a kid that I coached, his name was Devon. I met Devon when he was seven years old at Samson playground and now he is a freshman at Talladega College. Here's a text message I got from him on just yesterday. What's up, dad? I want to give you a quick update on how college life has been. This semester has been very cool. I'm trying to be consistent in everything that I do. School has been great and the band has been even better. I do apologize for not reaching out to as much as I could, but it's been tough reaching out to even my mom. Devon's dad is not in his life. I stepped up being Devon's coach. He said, but I'm just having so much fun up here. I'm trying, the time is flying by. I pray and hope everything is going well for you. I love you and would always be grateful for the things that you did for me. I'm going to start making sure I'm more active so you don't get upset. This is what you allow us to do as coaches when you work with leaders like Larry and ask that you continue to do that because you are changing lives whether you realize it or not. Thank you. Thank you, coach. Good morning. My name is Dwayne Vanette and I'm representing Punch Train Park Playground. First of all, I'd like to say once again good morning, counsel, and congratulations, Farm Police Chief Woodfolk, all your years of service. I'd like to thank Councilman Green for this opportunity and Jordan Humbacker for the vision to recognize our deck plate leaders, the Nord coaches. As a part of that recognition, I'd like to recognize my fellow coaches and family at Punch Train Park. If you're here, would you please stand? When we the coaches think of Nord, we focus on the sports programs. However, there's a lot more to Nord than sports and I'd like to thank Larry Barabina for his efforts in all of Nord and the things that he does outside of our recreation of sports. Coaching is an exhausting mentoring effort. We donate our time, money, and love to the children of New Orleans. It is sometimes a dangerous effort. We often encounter belligerent parents, young adults with guns, and the like. We often nice one another. What can we do to make our parks safer? More policing, better security, but that's a battle all of New Orleans fights and we understand that everyone is undermanned and understaffed. We understand staffing is low at times and it's often hard to get things accomplished, but provided with the necessary tools and equipment, the parks can begin to invest in themselves. If the initial investment in fixing the fields was given, we the park and the park boosters can maintain those initial investments and take pride in where we played. I want to thank Larry Barabina for helping us to establish the booster club at Punch Train Park, which has brought in more funds. We can do more things around our park. I'd also like to thank Councilman Green, Councilwoman, Councilperson Moreno for attending our banquet and showing the interest in our park. I look forward to seeing more of you at the parks. Take pride in what you offer to us to give to the children. It'd be great to see some of you at the parks and see what we're doing and seeing the condition of the parks and where you can assist. Thank you for your time and recognition. Thank you very much. Can we all give a nice round of applause to all of our coaches, those who are watching. Thank you, coaches. Councilman Green and Councilmembers, I'll be remiss if I don't acknowledge the women that coach at NORD because you're seeing these men at the panel, but the girls side of NORD, whether you have the volleyball side, the softball side, even have girls that's participating in flag football. We even have on our basketball side, track and field side, you know, we have our female coaches that coach, we have our moms that come out and coach. We've even have, and I'm very excited to announce with the support of all the coaches, Citywide, NORD put together a 14-year-old Citywide Biddy basketball team that won the Biddy National Championship. This, what, last weekend they won the Biddy National Championship and I would love to bring those, that team to the council to be recognized as well. Okay, thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm going to ask Jordan for a couple of comments. Mr. Jordan Harbaker, who is my district D liaison, community liaison, one of four that I have, and then if any council members want to close us out before we take a photo. This would be an opportunity. Mr. Jordan Harbaker. Thanks everybody. My name is Jordan Michael Harbaker. In my professional capacity, I'm the liaison to the Upper Ninth Board. In my personal life, I'm a coach. I've coached basketball, football, baseball. I was some of the gentlemen up here and around I have had the honor of learning from and working alongside legends, honestly living legends in history. Just want to just give a big thank you to creating this space for letting this happen. From what I understand, this is the first time something like this has happened and it's time that we see the visible faces that we see there seen and heard. I just want to give a big thank you to all the coaches that are here to Digby Hardin, Lehman, McHugh, Milne, Pontchartrain Park, Stallings, Saint Rock, Bunny Friend, who else am I missing, Willie Hall, and O.D. Davis Playground. I have seen over the past year the coaches go out of their pocket, go out of their time, go out of their resources. I've seen them picking up kids and providing transportation to and from games and practices. I have seen the coaches be family members, be mentors, be teachers. I mean it's not just coaching, it's off the field too. The coaches are checking in on the families, checking in on the kids. These coaches that are before us, the coaches that are behind us, 120 and that are here to 500 throughout Nord. They keep our parks running to keep our kids safe and they're not asking for anything besides just a little help every once in a while. I say thank you coaches, all the coaches that are here today, thank you for coming, all the coaches that are watching. I know you all are at work because I seen you come to the practice where you work uniforms on and thank you to all the kids that show up every single day. This is huge, this is monumental and just again thank you. Thank you. Mr. Jordan Harbaker, organize the coaches today and I want to thank you. And if you don't mind, we'll close out with brief comments from our council members and then we'll come forward for a photo. Councilman Jerusa. Well good morning, I don't know that I need the shirt to say that I'm a nerd but I'm more than happy to take it. I just want to say two things. One is how appreciative we are of the time that you give. You know this city can sometimes be tough but we love it and the most precious commodity we have is our time and the fact that you are willing to give your time, the one thing that you can never get back to help kids, is so incredibly important and then you know as you get older now as I'm watching my kids get older you realize that you do not achieve unless somebody puts their arm around you and helps you and sometimes that's not always your mom, your dad, your aunt, your grandparents, it's your coach and my kids are swimmers and we stay away from all the stuff because their coach coaches them up hard and that's their job and it's not my job to get in the middle of that and we appreciate the fact that you teach them these very hard lessons about you're not always going to win. How do you lose with grace? How you win as a team together? How you succeed together? How you overcome? How much hard work really pays off and so we appreciate everything that you do and all the parks that Jordan named and all of your hard work. Thank you all so much. Councilmember Harris. I really couldn't have said it better. I appreciate everything that you do on a daily basis and I know how critical it is for young people to have access to mentorships, to adults who really care about them. Larry, thank you for your commitment to ensuring that our parks are up to speed and when they're not communicating with us to get them into the shape that they need to be. I pass AL Davis every day. I see kids playing on it. There are some improvements that I'd love to make and I know that we're working on that together so that's extremely important to my community. As far as being a nerd, I can count probably at least three of us up here so I'm really excited about this shirt that we're about to receive so thank you all. Councilmember King. Thank you coaches. Thank you Councilmember Green for for putting this together and thanks to all the coaches here and the ones throughout the city. That's what makes, that's what makes NAR what it is to volunteer coaches because like Coach Barabino said, you can't pay all the coaches and you all do a job that really you can't put a value on because you save lives every day and you make lifetime relationships and you mentor people, young men and women throughout their lives up until their adult ages. So again thank you for all that you do and again coach to again Councilmember Green thank you for the recognition. This much deserved recognition. Thank you Councilmember King. Council President Moreno. Thank you. Thank you Councilmember Green for bringing the coaches before us. It's really great to see all of you all here but more importantly thank you so much for the tremendous volunteer work that you do with the children of New Orleans. I remember thinking back of how much my coaches meant to me playing sports and how much they helped mold me. You are helping to mold the children of New Orleans into being prosperous adults and we certainly appreciate you for for doing that and as far as you know of course it's okay to be a nerd. Man don't I know it when I was a kid not only did I have glasses but I was the girl in headgear walking around okay. So yes it's okay to be a nerd and I can't wait to wear your shirt and to Jordan thank you for your heartfelt comments. You work really hard at City Hall but you also work really hard in the community volunteering your time and I just wanted to say how much we appreciate you as well. So thank you all for being here. Thank you. Council Vice President Morel. Once again like my colleagues said I thank Councilmember Green and Jordan for bringing everyone here today. We really appreciate all of your hard work in the community and to be being present Jordan in the community and being available. I'd also like to thank Larry of course for all the work he's done. I think it's really important to highlight how tirelessly and hard Larry works for Nord and I say that because during our budget process when we get the budget every department says I need this amount of money and usually they come here and say well that money's adequate I'll take it. Larry was like I need more money and Larry came to this council and said if you give me more money I can provide more programming and do more work to reach kids and he has been very aggressive in a good way very aggressive saying if you provide our coaches you provide our facilities with the resources we will reach these kids and we will help these kids and we will change lives and this council has been very very intentional both with increasing Nord's budget working I know you work with Councilmember Moreno with the council on rec fund to get more money for uniforms and equipment we are going to continue to scour every couch between the cushions everywhere we can go to find more and more resources for Nord because when you look at the most successful aspects of lowering crime and bad outcomes in the city you can track in our history when Nord is properly funded when Nord is properly funded and resourced we do better as a community because our kids need to be engaged where they're at they need to have role models people like yourselves who are reaching out to them and showing that someone cares and on a real basic level if as a city we cannot show that kids are a priority they internalize that if we can't show that they are the priority and resourcing them as a priority whether it be when we pay them their checks in the summer for their work or whether it be when they're at those at those games with y'all with uniforms and equipment that isn't threadbare and used it's on us and hold us to account to make sure we're giving you what you need because your job you're already doing your job you're showing up our job is to make sure you have what you need to be successful and Larry has been a tremendous advocate saying they need more and we will always strive to give you more thank you thank you council vice president council member thomas well first of all i want to thank jordan for helping to organize this thank you council member green but uh thank the men and women who volunteer and who coach at nord of course larry knows my life wouldn't be what it is right now if it wasn't for coaches at nord sam and connie came to bunny friend and they volunteered there were college athletes who volunteered coach sims coach eugene coach mochalin coach dangela at stallings my dad and coach paul if it wasn't for those folks taking out of their time but somebody said something earlier and uh larry and and and brian know for the people who are here as a former nord athlete and as a former college athlete one of the most important things kids can see and see you there i don't just go to the games to watch coach bam and watch my son or my nephews or those kids i'm at the game because i enjoy it but also so that they'll know that the people they see on television are notable people are from the community sitting through those games to watch coach tiggy and the all-star team practice and watch them fumble through learning to play basketball at stalling center when they look in the stands and they see people who the world says it's notable it tells them that they matter brian doesn't talk about the high school games and what happens at the high school games and talking to the kids before the game are just sitting there and then shack you've dedicated your life and for the other coaches here coach larry uh we can't pay you enough uh for what you've done uh it when you integrated buddy friend playground i came there and my brother came a few years later if it wasn't for you integrating that part there wouldn't have been a spot for us at that part and for that all-star team we played on you were really humble we beat uh the molar all-star team everyone's heard of molar high school the famous ohio football we defeated program we beat them we beat that team from austin texas we beat that team in philadelphia and when you talk about resources we didn't have enough money we had to raise enough money to travel we have raised enough money for per diem larry but remember we had to stay with the families of the teams that we were competing against we didn't have enough money for hotels my parents surely did where we come from we did and that experience for me just to be able to go there it was the first time i'd ever stayed in a home where everybody had their own room and i'll never forget that white philadelphia family touring me through the house and asking me which which room would i like where we grew up there was a bedroom that was your parents bedroom everybody else found a place to stay but what it did for me it motivated me through being able to go there and experience that to say oh wow we could we should have a home with our own rooms too this is something i wanted to shoot for and larry you were humble in that with folk don't know in your class you were one of the fastest kids in the country and that also team that we played on they took the very best and you were one of the best not just as an athlete but as a human being and lastly from my family to yours my mom's not here anymore dad's not here but thank you for naming that bowl game after my father that was one of the highlights of his life and thank you for giving him that before he passed we love you man thank you thank you very much members of the council my fellow members we have proclamations for each of the 120 coaches and i want to thank jordan har baker for helping that with that and pierce huff but also the members of our city council in their office for their patience in signing 120 documents those documents read as you know there's regular proclamation from the city but thank you for your dedication and service to the youth of new aldian serving as a coach and a mentor and i'm going to close with this very brief remark to all of our coaches who are watching to those who are present today you are on the front lines you are the pillars of the community we extend to you our gratitude to the coaches citywide to parents site facilitators sponsors and most importantly our youth thank you for shaping the hearts and minds of the youth of new aldians you are shaping a better future for all of us can we all please give a thunderous round of applause to all of the coaches who are watching and also a presence of heaven um all right The second order of business, a presentation honoring former NOPD superintendent, Michelle W. Woodfolk for 33 years of service. Anne Kirkpatrick, Police Department superintendent, Jason R. Williams, Orleans Parish District attorney, Sabrina E. Richardson, Lieutenant, Fort Police District, Wayne Delarge II, Captain, 7th Police District, Norman Robinson, journalist. Woodfolk began her career as a police officer in New Orleans East where she was raised and continues to reside. She worked for 12 years as a detective and a sergeant in the department's Sex Crimes and Child Abuse Unit and then it is an alternative police response unit. In 2016, she was promoted to lieutenant and worked in the 2nd and 7th Police Districts. Woodfolk was promoted to captain in 2021 working in the department's Management Services Bureau and then named interim police superintendent in 2022. She led the police department for nearly a year during which the city's violent crime began to decrease. Woodfolk's strategy focused on taking illegal guns off the streets and streamlining recruitment efforts to hire 104 police recruits and 107 civilian employees. Changes made on her watch will help steer the New Orleans Police Department towards sustainable reform, transparency, accountability and efficiency. I want to thank you, Madam Clerk. I want to thank everyone who came here to support Chief Woodfolk. I want to thank this council for agreeing to recognize you for your work. Since he is here, Norman Robinson is an official MC and facilitator. I'll turn it over to him to acknowledge the people at the table so they can give their kind remarks. Norman, I'm putting you to work. I know you retired. You're turning it over to me. Once they finish, Norman can give his kind and affectionate remarks about how he feels about you. Mr. Norman Robinson. Thank you very much for that promotion. I appreciate that. We will begin with the Honorable Jason William down at the end of the table, Lieutenant Sabrina Hutchinson next to him, and of course our honoree, Michelle Woodfolk, and our President, Chief of Police, Ann Kirkpatrick. And I will keep my remarks brief because I believe in the three B's. Be brilliant. Be brief and be gone. To the Honorable Council and the Council staff, to the family and friends of the honoree, and to the esteemed citizens of New Orleans he assembled in the audience. We gather here today to have the distinct honor and privilege to pay tribute to an extraordinary leader, Michelle Woodfolk. In the annals of the vibrant history of New Orleans, her name will forever be etched as the first woman to hold the esteemed position of interim superintendent within the New Orleans Police Department. Michelle's journey to this pivotal role has been one of dedication, resilience, and unwavering commitment to the safety and well-being of the people of New Orleans. And throughout her tenure, she has exemplified the highest standards of professionalism, integrity, and courage, earning the respect and admiration of her colleagues, her peers, and of course the community alike. Under her stewardship, the New Orleans Police Department has seen remarkable progress and transformation. Her visionary leadership has inspired positive change, fostering stronger relationships between law enforcement and the community at large. Michelle's emphasis on community policing, accountability, and transparency has not only enhanced public trust, but has also contributed to a safer and more inclusive city for all of us. Upon her professional achievements, Michelle Woodfolk embodies the spirit of service and compassion, perhaps her greatest attribute. Her tireless efforts to uplift and empower marginalized communities have left an indedible mark on the fabric of New Orleans. She has been a beacon of hope and a voice for the voiceless and a champion of justice for those in need. We honor and we bid farewell to Michelle Woodfolk. Thank you. Thank you Mr. MC and I don't know the three B's, but I try not to be as long winded as I used to be when I was on the desk. And I don't have that Paul Robinson baritone voice that Mr. Robinson has. It's for rent. It's for rent? I'm after rent it. I haven't described the history and the tenure of Michelle, but I want to talk about the woman and the human being. We get these important jobs and a lot is asked of you when you decide to serve, but a lot of times people forget when you get these jobs that you are the same human being, the same man, the same woman that you were the day before and whether it's the 40 years before you took an oath to serve. And a lot will be said and a lot has been said about the professional that Michelle Woodfolk is, but I want to talk about the woman behind the badge, the daughter behind the badge, the sister and friend behind the badge and most importantly the mother behind the badge. She has an amazing son and that is the most important job a human being can have taking care of and raising another human being. And it is not easy to raise a young black man in a city that is known for violent crime because no matter how beautiful your kid is, no matter how good their grades are, when some folks see a tall, strapping, good looking, brown, 16 year old, 17 year old walking down the street, they don't see a beautiful son, they see public enemy number one. And it's her job to protect and serve and police this community and she did not lobby for this job, she didn't apply for this job, when she got it, she was working dutifully as she always did and she simply accepted the call. And she accepted the call at not a great time to be a police officer in the wake of George Ford and Breonna Taylor when a lot of people want to defund the police and abolish prisons and don't want to be involved in the system. She took the job. She took the job when New Orleans had the title as the murder capital of the world. She stepped up and a number of people would not have done that. There was a great deal of uncertainty in that with her son in high school getting ready for college when our children need us most, she figured out a way to do it all. When I say do it all, she was able to make sure that her son stayed on task and she also was an amazing partner in executing on and developing strategies that took New Orleans from being the murder capital of the world to not being the murder capital of the world, but not just in homicides. She was instrumental in crafting and executing strategies that brought down crime in every major category more so than any other city in this country. And this community owes her a huge debt and a huge amount of gratitude for that. No one else has done that in this country. And she did it. You know, really at the moment's notice that first Saturday after you got sworn in, you were at my house for about three hours working on strategy, working on basics, working on police report writing, working on prioritizing the crimes that matter most to the community. You know, I think that certain folks get the blame when crime goes up, but those same folks don't get credit when crime goes down. Whatever reason. I don't know. Ask the media on the way out why it works that way. Michelle deserves credit for the position that New Orleans found itself in at the top of this year. The rest of the country is recognizing it. So I'm glad that the city of New Orleans is recognizing it. So we all owe you. I am so grateful that I got to work with you and I got to serve with you. And so glad that we got to partner to strategize to serve the people of this community to bring crime down in every category. And I'm also very excited for what is going to come next in your life. And I'm just reminded that Michael Jordan also retired, but he got back in the game. Lieutenant, Lieutenant Richardson. Yes, sir. Good morning, everyone. Good morning. It is my absolute pleasure and honor to have been chosen to share a few words with you this morning about my best friend who happens to be the former interim superintendent of the New Orleans Police Department, Michelle Woodford. I have had the honor of working with Michelle for my entire 25 year career and owe what a ride it has been. I've witnessed Michelle work tirelessly for the city of New Orleans and the New Orleans Police Department, a task that she gracefully and professionally took on for 33 years. I remember when we first crossed paths over two decades ago and in my younger days, I was quite the rambunctious person, quite a handful. However, there was an immediate connection with Michelle and I. I, of course, being a rambunctious little sister and Michelle being the experienced big sister. Michelle took me under her wing. She gave me grace as I learned how to navigate through the ranks of the New Orleans Police Department. She always made sure I was good. She had the patience of Job when it came to showing me the ropes of how to do things. I mean, hey, like I did say, I could be a handful at times. Michelle is one of the most dedicated and hardworking people I know. She was always present for the team and often put the mission first. It takes a special type of person to take on different roles and quite frankly, some cannot handle not being the one or watching someone else take the lead, but not Michelle. You see, during the course of our careers and our friendship, Michelle has been both a supporter and a leader, a mentor and a mentee, my cheerleader and oftentimes the first person to pull my coattails. Each time one of us was promoted, the other was front and center. You see, I believe that people come into your life for reasons and seasons. You have blessings and lessons. I can go on and on about the many reasons, lessons and blessings that have led to me to holding Michelle Woodford so dearly. But I do believe I'm on a time limit today, so I'll carry on. Michelle and I have always celebrated together. We've cried together. Most importantly though, Michelle and I always, always pray together. As I stated earlier, Michelle and I weren't just colleagues. We're best friends. We are also sorority sisters of the first and the finest Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Incorporated. Yes, I did. We are a part of each other's village. But you see, it's one thing to be a police officer on a daily basis. It's a totally different thing to be a female police officer on a daily basis, let alone a high ranking successful one. You see, as female officers, we don't only carry the burden of protecting the city of New Orleans and her citizens and her many, many visitors, but we also carry the burden and the responsibility of taking care of our homes, our children and our families. Think about it when something goes wrong, no matter how old you are, the first person you're going to call is probably your mom. Michelle and I not only supported each other on the job, but we supported each other in our most important roles, the roles of motherhood. And if you think she was an amazing superintendent, you should have witnessed her when she's in her role as Nick's mom, Rochelle's sister, or as a loving daughter. Michelle, you are an amazing human being. I am so grateful to have experienced life with you, my career with you, and all of the shenanigans alongside you. I am so proud of you, friend, and I cannot wait to see what this next chapter holds. I love you. Chief Kirkpatrick. Chief Kirkpatrick. City Council, thank you so much for honoring Chief Woodfork. I am grateful for you for doing so. You know, if it hadn't been for Chief Woodfork, I would not be here today because she opened the door. She will always be the person who was the first woman and the first woman superintendent of New Orleans Police Department. So without you, you broke and shattered the glass ceiling for people like me. I retired myself seven years ago. You look fabulous. But you don't know what your future holds. And I hope that I am an example that you don't know. You don't know the future. But it's going to be whatever you do, it will be bright. I also want to thank Superintendent Woodfork because she was gracious. She has been nothing but kind. She has been nothing but supportive of this chief that no one knew. She paved the way to loan her credibility to me. And I will always be grateful to you for that as well. You know, she put her family first. And that family includes the men and women of the New Orleans Police Department. From the day I met her, she would say it's not about me. It's about the men and women of the New Orleans Police Department. And she's not ever forgotten that. She knows her true north. And I also am thankful for you. So thank you, Michelle. Chief Woodfork, before you speak, we're going to allow the council members there to. Council member, Geruso. Well, sort of in typical New Orleans fashion, I knew Michelle the person before. Sort of really knew Michelle the cop. And to me, this was Dana's cousin. And and and and then I realized, oh, Michelle's like a lieutenant and a captain. And she's this tough and tender cop. And and then you got promoted to being chief. And Michelle, like what I loved about you is I never doubted where you stood. I always knew where you were coming from. It was always for the benefit of the residents of the city. You cared. I can't tell you how much in political life that matters. Caring. And you always said, I can do this. I don't know if I can do this. I think having that can do attitude again, particularly in political life, is so important because it's easy to say no, no. You were always somebody who tried to be a yes person and how I work with you as much as humanly possible. I want to echo what Sabrina Jason and everybody else said that we all know how much Nick means to you. What a proud mom you are. And we saw that at Gallier Hall not too long ago as you should be. And of course, that's always the most important role we have is as a parent. But we want to make sure you get your flowers for your work here on behalf of the city of New Orleans right now. And how much you mean to all of us. Thank you. Thank you. Councilmember Harris. Michelle, I think the first time that you appeared before this council is interim superintendent or superintendent, you were surrounded by a crew of other black women. And it was one of the most powerful things that I've ever seen. Black women running the city, black women running this police force. And I think I commented commented on it at the time because it just struck me as just so wonderful to see. You are glowing retirement suits you. But I hope you get back in the game sooner rather than later. And I know that there's a lot to look forward to from you. I just want to give a shout out to your family like Joe. I knew you through Dana, who is another phenomenal woman and judge mentor. And I know from her and from you that your family cares about the city deeply, that you and she and your mother and all of your family serve as mentors and examples for people coming up in the city. And I know that you will continue to do that. And I again, just want to thank you for everything that you did for us, everything you did for the city, the city to bring down crime. Jason is absolutely right. You were in the vanguard of doing that and we cannot thank you enough. So thank you. Sukela shot soon. So I'm everything. Thank you, Councilman Tom. Thank you for putting this on. Recognizing chief would for chief, you hit the ground running when you took the we took office within the first few days. We met outside of a small coffee shop in bywater and discuss for hours your plans and strategies and how you're going to be different. And you you fulfilled all of those promises by the numbers, according to the numbers, you would. You were one of the most successful police chiefs the city has ever had. Numbers have come down before, but they have come down this time in a more constitutional way when when you have the the consent decree over your head and you did things according to the books in the right way. And that says a lot about you. But I want to mention the transition. It wasn't easy. It was all over the media, blown out of proportion. But you handed that with so much grace in class. And that says a lot about you, not as the officer, but as a person. And I wish that more people could just kind of pay attention to that part, to know what you went through and how you didn't bad mouth anyone. You stuck in there and you did your job. And that's that's to be commended. So thank you for your hard work all these years, not just as chief. And thank you for being an example of how to be a professional leader in this city. And I appreciate everything you've done. And I wish you nothing but the best of luck moving forward. Thank you. Councilmember Marina. Thank you, hey. So first chief, of course, congratulations for being the first female police chief in the city of New Orleans. I want to talk first about you just being the just outmost professional and the urgency and seriousness in which you took your job. And I've never told this story in public before, but now I will. When you first became interim, you know, you wanted to immediately get with different council members and chat. And I remember, I think it was like a Saturday or Sunday and you were like, can we get together? And I'm like, well, I'm at my house right now. And you said, I'm on my way. And she came over to my house, sat in my living room. You brought Nick over. Nick sat in our in my living room, too. And you and I just sat there drinking coffee and just discussing how I viewed the police department. You know, my public safety priorities, your public safety priorities. And then based on that, we really collaborated and worked together on a variety of different issues. And you knew how important I thought it was to really build up our civilian force within the NOPD, build up those trained professionals to assist NOPD officers. And you took that so seriously that you actually created a task force with my office and civil service so that we could show the federal judge just how tenaciously altogether we were working on this issue that not only was important to all of us, but also important to the federal judge as well. And more importantly, would have an impact on public safety in the city. And you boosted those numbers and much credit to you because as much as I had talked about that, you were the chief that actually was able to accomplish that. So I really always appreciated just how willing you were to collaborate and communicate. That was that was really important. And as I worked with you, I also got to know not just chief, but Michelle as a person and what I. And like beyond certain of and what I saw in you is just how much you truly care for the people of the city. And for community as a whole. You know, talking to you about Nick and and, you know, and his grades and how well he's doing and how you push him, you know, it's it. He is a tremendous kid, but that's because of you. That's because of the mother who you are. And then I'll say this. Look, you make all daughters look bad because you are a phenomenal daughter. You go see your parents every day. Every day you stop and see your parents. Well, there you go. You know, when you got good food, right, mom? And so I'm just so. So I guess. I feel so lucky, lucky to have had the opportunity to work with you on a professional level and feel so lucky to now be able to call you a friend. Thank you. And so congratulations to you. I know your future is bright. You are one of those incredibly talented New Orleans who does not need to be here because everybody wants you. You could go anywhere, but you choose to be here because you love New Orleans so much. We appreciate you, Chief. Thank you. Councilmember Green. Chief, thank you very much for your commitment to our city. You are the quintessential New Orleansian, the St. Mary's Academy graduate, the Sunil graduate, the person who has spent 33 years working in difficult situations, what you've seen over 33 years is incredible. The whether it be the working through the pandemic, whether it be working through Hurricane Katrina, for example, the aftermath of it. And I could go on about all that you've seen good and sometimes unfortunately very challenging. You came into your position with quite a name to live up to Woodfarb. And there's a Woodfarb who is watching if you believe. And I know we all believe and he's very proud of the work that you've done in this very, very important police department and this very, very worthy city. A council member talked about the fact that sometimes when crime is going down, you don't get the recognition that you need. But oh, if it's going up, then it's all about the police and what the police aren't doing, what responses they aren't making, what kind of things aren't being done that should be done. But let me make it clear that this is an incredible period in our city with violent crime going down as it's going down in our city, double digits over 20% in the four major categories. That makes our citizens safer. It also says something good about the city of New Orleans that we don't have to accept some of the negativity of the past, that we are a city that can improve greatly and can move forward. I'm just so very proud of the fact that you over 33 years have shown the professionalism that is encouraged others to recognize the value of being a member of the New Orleans Police Department. Certainly, as was mentioned, your work in recruiting civilians to assist in our police. But just the fact also that you are everywhere, everywhere that people asked you to be, you went and you had a positive disposition about you that made a difference, that makes a difference in our city today. So there are so many ways that we need to say thank you, but the most important thing that we can do is to use the words here today. Thank you very much for your service. You have helped make the city of New Orleans a better place to live. You have helped to develop a better future for our city of New Orleans. I'm proud of the New Orleans Police Department. One of the reasons that I'm proud is because of officers like you, leaders like you, the chief like you, who have served with capacity and also served with constitutional policing and also outreach to our community. That makes a difference. So thank you for the work that you do. And I am so pleased that you were sitting right next to our new superintendent and that you offered your services, your valuable services during this transition to make it so easy. You all helped to let people know that we have a team and we have a family within our New Orleans Police Department. Thank you for the work that you've done. And I look forward to celebrating with you as you continue to do great work. Thank you. I surrender morale. Thank you. I apologize for my tardiness. I've known Michelle for a very, very long time. You know, my family for a very long, long time. You're a daughter of the city. You have done so much and accomplished so much for the city and you've given so much to the city. And I don't feel like as a counselor, as a city will ever be able to fully adequately express how much you've done for the city of New Orleans in your time here and the things you're going to continue to do. But all of the accolades you've received today are truly heartfelt. And when I talked to the men and women of the NOPD. Just as a police officer, you know, the hardest people to please are your colleagues and the amount of stuff y'all give each other is truly epic. Y'all don't see the way counsels, I mean, the way officers burn each other on a daily basis. It is, it's epic. And the amount of accolades they give you privately for the work you've done over the years and the work you've done to help them both personally and professionally. We just can't encompass it. So I certainly am grateful. We as a city as a counselor, grateful for everything you've done. We look forward to what you will do, but know that whatever kudos we give you, it'll never be enough. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I want to thank all of my colleagues and I want to thank everyone who came here today to support this great human being. You know, it's easy to support titles, celebrities. It's always easy to acknowledge notables on the way out. It's always easy to talk about emotional relationships, political relationships, familiar relationships. But when people asked me about my, why my support was unwavering, it really wasn't about that. I like good people who are smart. So when we had conversations about Dr. Weasberg and concentration policing, I could talk to you about that. When we had conversations about impact budgeting and deployment, I could talk to you about that. When we had conversations about policing strategies, right, and highlighting hotspots, going after those people who have earned the right to be off the street. When we talked about the Peter Sharp model, I could talk to you about that. I could talk to you about the Dr. Penny from Suno model about prevention. Yes, we want to lock people up, but we want to be in an environment where law enforcement knows they got to support those social science issues about how you create an environment, Mr. DA, where you don't have to lock people up. So all of the niceties are nice, but it was sure nice to be able to talk to somebody who was intellectual enough and scientific enough and smart enough that I could go from budgeting to Goodfield and emotions. And I don't think you get enough credit for that. Yes, you were the first black woman. Yes, you were the first female. But you were one of the few people who understood scientific policing, scientific constitutional policing. And then the last thing is, I mean, if you look at the definition, you see your family here right next to Woodfolk is community service. Woodfolk equals community service, whether it's your uncle, your mom, your dad, your sister, your family. And what some folk don't know during the height of what you setting the standard here so that Chief Kirkpatrick could build on. They don't know what you were dealing with with your son and your father and your family. Never wave it. Never stop doing your job. Yeah, I like all of the kudos stuff, but I sure like people who are smart enough and tough enough to do their job. That's Michelle. That's superintended. That's Michelle Woodfolk to me. God bless you. We appreciate everything you've done. And thank you for setting a standard where we can't go backwards. The only thing we can do is build on and go forward. Thank you. Now it's your turn, superintendent. Thank you. First of all, I want to thank God because without my faith, I would be nothing. And definitely without my family, I would be nothing. My mother and father, two great people with two total opposites. My mother is definitely the nurturer and my dad is definitely the driving force which helped create who I am today. And so I have to say thank you to them. And I love them. And of course, my sister, who is like my second mother, she she she pushed and pushed. And so and I love her for that. And then, of course, my son. Who is my everything? Who is the most important person to me? Who makes me smile? Who warms my heart? Who gives purpose to everything that I do and especially to serve? I wanted him to grow into a man of God and what he's doing. I wanted him to be successful at anything he wanted to do. And for a while, he you know, he felt a little pressure because I was doing all kinds of things. But I wanted him to just be a man of God, a good person. And I didn't care what he did as long as he was good, productive and gave back to the community. I'll always be proud of him. And he made a lot of sacrifices for me to be able to serve the citizens, to be able to serve the community. And so he's not here. He's at school today. But I'm sure he'll go back and look at this. But I love him dearly. And I thank him for being patient, for doing his work when I couldn't help him do his work, but just listening to his mother. So kudos to Nick. But I have to say this to the council, this council as a whole, and had a conversation with then my commission chief of staff. And I don't know if she's here, Captain Raven Batiste. And we talked about this council and we said, you know, this is it's refreshing that. We had a council who were really pushing to get things done. That was a big help, not just with policing, but with so many things that are going on in the city, each and every one of you. I see you. I hear you working every day trying to make the city better, whether it's with infrastructure, whether it's the budget, whether it's policing, the DA's office, Nord. You know, you guys are out there doing the work, doing so many things. But for me personally, the calls you take in my calls, Joe. No, we didn't. I didn't go to Joe's house. But of course, you know, I attacked him at Dana's house. You know, of course, I didn't go to Leslie's house. Yeah, well, look, as soon as I saw a hate, that's a look, I just started talking about it. Then I thought about it. Look, this is social things. You just came to my. Yeah. No, no, no. She was like, she didn't want to talk about that. And then, of course, Councilman King, we sat down, we met many times, talked about so many different things. And of course, just like that same weekend, I costed Jason, I costed you. I was trying to get to everybody all, you know, all at once. And then, of course, Councilmember Morrell, you know, having that family thing. And of course, you know, Tybe and my friend and my classmate, you know, so, of course, we had that relationship, but being able to talk to you, being able to call you and you feeling comfortable to call me and call me out on the carpet on some things just that each and every one of you did. And I was there to get it. I was there to listen and make sure I immediately was going to do something about it because I wanted to really, really do a good job. And of course, Councilman Green, always, always, always supportive of everything that is policing and definitely was supportive. Would be out there with me. Everybody kept asking, why are you going on all these homicides? But Councilman Green would be right there standing next to me on those scenes. So, so I appreciate that. And of course, Oliver O.T. Thomas. I don't I don't even know how to begin to thank you, because I'll tell you a lot of you guys don't know, a lot of people don't know. And I would laugh about it all the time before I probably was a sergeant or a lieutenant. I've been knowing Oliver a very long time. He's been knowing my family a long time. Every time I saw him, he said, hey, chief. And I would laugh. You know, I thought that was so funny because I wasn't the chief. I was a sergeant or lieutenant. But he said it. He spoke it into fruition. He believed in me. He fought to the bitter end. And like the kids say, he stood ten toes down. To the very end. And I cannot begin to tell you the debt. So appreciative of your belief in me and you telling me that I was smart. And that last conversation with Dr. Penny, Peter Scharf in your office, that conversation, you don't you know that what came out of that conversation was this. And I know you're going to laugh because you guys talked to me about being confident, being confident in everything that I did. And don't shy away from saying, yes, we did this or yes, I feel good about some of the decisions that I made. And what came out of that comment was the shoeing comment. I said, oh, my God, they had me feeling so high and they had me feeling so confident. That's what I said. It came like a day or two later because I thought about what the great Peter Scharf said, what a great Dr. Penny said in that room. I needed to hear that. And it not only it may not show in the work that I did with the New Orleans Police Department, but in the next thing, things that I am going to do my next career move, it is definitely going to show their right. Jason. Yeah. Amen. But again, thank you for the opportunity to serve. Thank you for the opportunity to serve in that capacity. Thanks for each and every one of you calling me and calling me out, call the department out on my things and stuff like that. But I really appreciate each and every one of you because you made it very easy because I, again, I wasn't a politician. I'm not a politician. And so I was like, oh, my God, how am I going to navigate the council? You know, it was my big thing. And so you made it easy by communicating even and even if we didn't agree on something, we could at least discuss it and come to some type of agreement. So I really appreciate everything that you did to make my time as interim superintendent very easy. And to the men and women of the New Orleans Police Department. My second family. I'm Michelle. Y'all call me every day. Yeah, I'm at home. It called someone calls me every day from work. What are you doing? Has retirement. And so that just makes me miss them all the more. You know, but to the men and women of the New Orleans Police Department, when I and I mean this from with everything that I am, this is the most special group of people that you're ever going to meet, serve the community and work with. They are different. They care. They're engaged. They want things to be better in the city. They are working tirelessly now. I know we talk about the numbers, but they have done more with less. And that is with the leadership that was in place. You know, I could sit here and take credit for everything, but it wasn't me. And it's it never was about me. It was about getting them the things that they needed. It was about uplifting those officers who are on the beat every day, who are out there taking the calls for service, who are doing the hard work, who are listening to the executive team. And shout out to my executive team. They came in. They listened to what I had to say. I listened to what they had to say. And together as a team, we came up with the ideas that we came up with. We came up with the strategies that we used while I was the interim superintendent in that the superintendent continues to use. And thank you for doing that. It worked. And it all the credit goes to them. They listened. They got the work done. Yes, we know we didn't agree on everything all the time. But again, that compromise, that communication, the command staff and all the officers are civilian corps. We can't you can't have a police department without the civilian professional staff. And that's what Councilmember Moreno talked about. We cannot be a successful police department without those civilians. They are important, the work that they do, whether they be a social worker, a tech, a crime lab specialist. So many people do so many things on a police department. There are so many great men and women there who are committed and they do it because they love it. And I just can't say enough about them. So I want to thank them for all their support, for giving me the opportunity to lead them. I'll be always be forever grateful. They'll always be my family. And I'll always be there for the New Orleans Police Department, loving each every one of those people dearly for all the work that they do. And Chief Anne, thank you for allowing me to help you, allowing me to continue with the recruitment effort, the cadet program, all those things for the time that I was there with you. And my phone is always there. My ear is always there. Anything that I can do for you and the men and women of the New Orleans Police Department, please do not hesitate. I always support them. And thank you. Thank you again, guys, for letting me serve in that way. And thank you to my partners in law enforcement, all the state, local and federal partners. There's so many people out there that I have to thank that supported me, that gave me good advice, that encouraged me, that listened to me groaning moans sometimes and also others in law enforcement, the judges, the sheriff's department. And of course, my good friend Jason Williams, man, really came in really right away supporting, asking me, what can we do? How can we make things better? And we're going to continue on that in my next move. We're going to continue on that path in my next move. Don't forget, we put puzzles together now. And then, of course, my bestie right here, man, great lady. I'm looking for big, big things from her. And I always support her to love you, Sabrina. Thank you so much. And the great, the incomparable Norman Robinson. Thank you so much for all that you've done for our community and your support and encouragement throughout my time as interim superintendent and even now. So thank you so much. And I would be remiss if I just didn't thank this last group. And this was the people who were with me every day. And that was my staff, Captain Raven Batiste, Officer Mikuel Obert, Sean Jenkins, Sabrina Hickerson, Stephanie Landry, Ebony Washington. Those were my core people in on my staff every day. They heard me when I was yelling and screaming or they were there to tell me a joke or two. They were there to support me. I'm sorry. Reese Harper, Devonna D'Olio, all those people every day. We were in there as a team. They were a great staff. They supported me every day when I was having a good day or a bad day, whether we were winning or whether we were losing. Those people came to work every day, work tirelessly, work effortlessly. And I can't thank you enough. And I appreciate you all so much. I owe you all dinner, lunch. We'll get together real soon. But they were really the people who held my hand every day and made everything happen. And I really thank them and support them. But thank the citizens of this city. Everything that I did, it was for this city. Everything that I did, it was to bring community together. And I'm going to continue to do that, to bring the community together in any capacity that I work in, in any field that I work in. It's always going to be about serving the people of this community, bringing this great city together, because this is a beautiful city and we will rise in. Mayor Latoya Cantrell had the foresight, the thought that a female could do it. And she chose me. And I am forever grateful for that decision. Forever grateful for this decision that she made to make me the interim superintendent. I can't thank her enough. And I'll continue to support her efforts with the city, with her administration and everything that she does to make the city a better place. So thank you, guys. I really, really appreciate it. I could go on and on and on and on. And thank you, Miss Lena, for putting this together. Well, you're still winning, Chief Michelle Woodford. Yes. Well, that's the letter for you. You certainly qualify as a policy. The council blow the five books off for her work. And she had started the city well. But it's a shame that she couldn't be recognized as a chief as she is compelled to claim co-patrons. I say because she was denied by the council because she wasn't black. And nowhere there would have been that to her and co-patrons. But yet she got a claim co-patrons, which is sudden tradition. White people don't have to be qualified, but they deny the black person to claim them. That has always been the subject of this down south. They can always believe a black people because this is the start. And I want you to know I am Larry Morgan of Southeast and West of Nodal. And I don't give a damn about what it is for the people because that is what the people demand me to express the day before this time. Yes, sir. I can't give a pig in any color. I can't give a pig in any color. I can't give a pig in any color. I now have to end it here. But I think that that's the aim of the day. I think people want to talk to me. I already talked to somebody that just walked in. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'll be at the top, so you will get it. Thank you, Madam Clerk. We have approval of the minutes March 7, 2024 and March 21, 2024. Thank you, Madam Clerk. I'll make a motion to approve the minutes if I can get a second. Seconded by Councilmember King. All in favor? Aye. One, two, three. Hang on, we're waiting on the machines real quick. I've got one, two, three, four on the dais, five. Five yays, no nays, and the minutes are approved, Madam Clerk. The consent agenda. We have a communication from Aaron Spears, Chief of Staff and Council, Council Utilities Regulatory Office. This should be marked received. We're on top of page five. We have a communication from Darlene M. Jacobs, Law Office of Darlene M. Jacobs and Associates, 728 Dumaine Street. This should be marked received. Suggested hearing date is April 18th. We have a communication from Kimberly W. LeGrou, Chief Information Officer, Information Technology and Innovation, City of New Orleans. This should be marked received and referred to the Community Development Committee. We have a communication from William T. Salimron, Chief of New Orleans EMS, New Orleans Emergency Medical Services, City of New Orleans. This should be marked received and referred to the Community Development Committee. We're now on top of page six. We have a communication from Dane S. Salino, Executive Administrator and General Counsel, Ethics Review Board, City of New Orleans. This should be marked received. We have a communication from Austin P. Wiltie, Chief Administrative Officer, City of New Orleans. This should be marked received and referred to the Government Affairs Committee. We have a communication from Jeffrey Swartz, Director, Office of Economic Development, City of New Orleans. This may be received and referred to Economic Development and Special Development Committee. On top of page seven, we have a communication from Jeffrey Swartz, Director, Office of Economic Development, City of New Orleans. This should be received and referred to the Economic Development and Special Development Projects Committee. We have a communication from Gilbert Montano, Chief Administrative Officer, City of New Orleans. This should be marked received and referred to the Government Affairs Committee. We're on top of page eight. We have a communication from Leslie T. Alley, Executive Director, French Market Corporation. This should be marked received. We have a communication from Latoya Johnson, LMSW Executive Director, New Orleans Workers, Center for Racial Justice. This should be marked received. We have a communication from Amy B. Trepania, Personnel Director, City of New Orleans, Department of Civil Service. This should be marked received. We're now on top of page nine. We have a communication from Jeffrey Swartz, Director, Office of Economic Development, City of New Orleans. This should be marked received and referred to the Economic Development and Special Development Committee. We have communication from Micah E. Excuse me. Chief of Staff and Executive ADA. Allene's parents, District Attorney's Office, Jason Roger Williams, Allene's District Attorney. This should be marked received. We have a communication from Minx Yang. This should be marked received. We have a communication from Danielle Berger, Chief Administrative Office, Allene's Public Defenders. This should be marked received. On top of page 10, we have a report of the Deputy Director of the New Orleans Historic District Landmarks Commission, Central Business District Historic District Landmarks Commission, 518 South Rampart Street. We have a report of the Deputy Director of the New Orleans Historic District Landmarks Commission, Central Business District Historic District Landmarks Commission, 2430 North Rampart Street. This should be marked received. We're on top of page 11. We have the report of the Executive Director of the City Planning Commission. This should be marked received. Suggested hearing date is April 18th. On top of page 20, on top of page 12, we have Art and his calendar, number 34,615. This will be removed from the consent agenda and come up on page 38 because there is an amendment. We have motion line over M24111 by Councilmember Moreno. The Climate Change Sustainability Committee recommended approval. We're on page 13. We have motion line over M24113 by Councilmember Thomas by request. The Climate Change and Sustainability Committee recommended approval. The Criminal Justice Committee recommended approval. We have resolution R24119 by Councilmembers Moreno, Morrell, Geruso, Harris, Green, and Thomas. The Climate Change and Sustainability Committee recommended approval. We're now on top of page 14. We have resolution R24120 by Councilmembers Moreno, Morrell, Harris, Green, and Thomas. The Climate Change and Sustainability Committee recommended approval. We have motion M24124 by Councilmember King by request. The Community Development Committee recommended approval. And on top of page 15, we have motion M24126 by Councilmember King by request. The Community Development Committee recommended approval. Those are all the matters on the consent agenda. All right. Thank you, Madam Clerk. Mr. Burnside, you're first up with public comment. So in regards to the regulation of our utilities, I'm here to state the obvious, which is come September, I probably wound up in jail. So September of 2023 was sort of like the midpoint of our discussion ongoing about the utility pole at the corner of Magnolia and Felicity. I stopped by there yesterday and took a good look at it. It's rotted. It's got a metal arm hanging off of it from which it's hanging in traffic light. So those of us who love physics, that's the recipe for torque. And torque is a fancy name for twist. So come hurricane, the whole thing is going to come down. And it would be really good if Kiro had the ability to either put out some sort of RFP and got a contractor to fix it before four months is up, or it would be really nice if DPW would send out a contract to get it fixed before four months is up, because I'm really too old to play the game of Quakers Everywhere, which is on, you know, Nagasaki Day, go stand in front of a nuclear bomb facility and get arrested. So what frustrates me is I've tried to play inside the game. So I'm in receipt of an email saying wait 60 days because the previous RFP had nobody respond to it. And so after 68 days, I sent out an email back saying, hey, you know, 68 days, you guys asked me to wait 60, and I got zero response from anybody. So 60 days, of course, is two months, and we've only got four months left for years up. And I think it's going to be slightly ridiculous, and I keep talking about it, but I'm tired and going to go sit down. Thank you, Mr. Burnside. This looks like Hakim Murad. I'm having trouble reading your writing. Come on up. Followed by Joshua Tannenbaum. Good morning. Good morning. Council members, I'm against the adoption of a contract with Wexford Health Sources to provide services for inmates at Orleans Justice Center. I'm against this bill because I don't believe we should give our taxpayer dollars to a company that supports with a history of medical neglect and torture. In 2014, it was found that there were no only violating prisoner constitutional rights and doing things such as forcing women to go into Syrian section, etc. It's facing several lawsuits and inadequate health care. As a Palestinian, I'm also all too familiar with medical neglect of individuals in harsh environments like prisons. The state of Israel has 10,000 political prisoners currently. Most recently, Samara Ismail, a member of U.S. citizen, member of New Orleans, a grandmother with medical issues, was ignored and abducted from her home. For Israel, it is the eradication, torture, and genocide of my people that they want most. Hopefully by now, you've received the last couple of months our emails, our phone calls. We've also showed up in person to this hall. At first, we brought up 10,000 killed, 20,000, 30,000. It is now standing at 40,000 Palestinians killed in six months, of which 70% is women and children. You may also be aware of the forced famine of two million people in Rafah. But with the time I have today, I don't want to focus on the numbers. Maybe we can do that over meeting and personal discussions. I want to tell you a story, something that lives vividly for me and many of the members here that came today. This is the first televised genocide of our lifetime and maybe of anyone's lifetime. It is the month of Ramadan as well, where Muslims fast from sunup to sundown and make prayer throughout the whole night. We pray for the oppressed. We pray for the sick. We pray for God to protect people. But recently there's one video that keeps coming up in my mind as I fall asleep. There's this one man, a father in Gaza, who screams, Verily I wish my children were dead than to hear their cries every morning begging me to get a piece of bread for them. And then I wake up and I look at my daughter's face and I ask myself, how could he want his children to be dead, as opposed to living on this earth because they are struggling so badly, the earth is so poor for them. We could do something about this. You say, well, this is issues over there. How can I fix this? Well, the city council has issued statements regarding the loss of life in Israel, but has not made the same for the Palestinian people. I hope that you will take the time and meet with us. We have reached out to you multiple occasions and we can discuss personally. I appreciate the time. Thank you, Mr. Murad. Joshua Tannenbaum. All right. Are you Mr. Tannenbaum? All right. Are you Mr. Tannenbaum? I'm Mr. Title, but I'm here. Perfect. Yep. Thank you, city council. I am against the adoption of a contract with Wexford Health Services to provide service for inmates at Orleans Justice Center. New Orleans should not give our taxpayer dollars to accompany with the history of a consent decree against it, which is failing to comply with, which brings to mind for me, Israel's failure to comply with international court of justice, provisional measures designed to prevent an ongoing genocide. This city has before taken action in the case of South Africa, had taken binding resolutions to do the right thing, to stand on the right side of history, to not be complicit, to divest, to express its disapproval with the actions of an apartheid regime. I'm also the grandchild of Holocaust survivors. I would not be here if not for people doing the right thing, some decent people among many people who are otherwise complicit. This is how genocide happens. A city carries on business as usual and pretends like it's not happening. This is how Jim Crow happened in the South. This is how Nazi Germany happened. This is how apartheid South Africa happens. This is how apartheid Israel happens, where people's rights are determined based on their ethnicity or as Israel determines who's in an ethno-national group. That's like what happens in this country when people tell us who's a real American and who's not a real American, who deserves rights and who doesn't. There are segregated roads. There are different laws for different people living in the same place. That should be reminiscent of things here, unfortunately, and this city has a history that it should be addressing this matter. Please meet with those of us who have contacted you to speak about a ceasefire resolution. This city is shamefully silent when 120 other cities are not. Thank you so much. Thank you, Mr. Tandema. The next person is Shrewas Vasudevan. Thank you. My name is Shrewas Vasudevan, and I'm here with No Ship and Louisiana for Palestine to speak against the adoption of a contract with Wexford Health Sources to provide services for inmates at Orleans Justice Center. I'm against this bill for the reason given by the previous speakers, but I'm here to say that we've been unable to meet with any of you on a resolution calling for a ceasefire in Gaza, but agenda items like this face no such scrutiny or difficulty. Last week, five world central kitchens aid workers were deliberately killed by Israel to send a message that not even aid workers are safe. This same organization has served over a million meals in New Orleans during the pandemic after Ida. New Orleans and Gaza are both being served by this organization, and that's not a coincidence. New Orleans knows racist brutality. It knows disaster. It knows infrastructure collapse. It knows injustice and oppression. It knows the importance of resistance to these systems. It knows the importance of humanitarian aid. New Orleans knows Samahir and demands her freedom. It cries in remembrance of its own child, Tawfiq, killed by the government of Israel. We've been in these halls and in these streets for six months in growing numbers to stand in solidarity with Palestinians. We've been emailing you, coming to your events, calling your offices, all in good faith, trying to work with y'all. 125 other resolutions have passed across the U.S. We have 3,000 petition signatures from people in this city. It's a shame we have to resolve to creative means just to speak with y'all, but this is how much it means to us. This is how much it means to all of us. All of these people, 1% of the amount of people in this city that care about standing in solidarity with Palestine and care about a ceasefire resolution, dropped everything at a last-minute notice to come to this meeting to show up today. Please respond to our emails. We are wishing to work with you. We wish to speak with you. That's all we're asking for. Thank you. Thank you, sir. And the last public comment I have is Noah Raman. Thank you, Council people, for your time. As to the crowd behind me, I can't follow a performance like that, but I just wanted to say that I'm in sympathy with their concerns. I hope that they're constantly will engage their constituents. As to motion M2412, which I wanted to comment on, this looks to be the renewal of the city's contract with Digitech for EMS billing services. And it seems to have been renewed for quite a few years now. And I have to wonder if there's been a competitive bidding process for the last few years. As a student at Tulane in the physics department, I can say there's a lot going on in the world of AI and large language models lately. And especially even just down this road at the University of Florida is working on a lot of clinical large language models that really promise to revolutionize the billing space. And people locally are working on them as well. I have my liberty to say that much. So I would hope that the Community Development Committee and the city in the future are forward looking and maybe want to look at solutions that might lower cost and improve EMS performance. And maybe, you know, in the near future, this won't be the uncompetitive contract. It seems to be I would just urge the city to be forward looking about solutions in this building space. Thank you for your time. Thank you, sir. Any public comment online? No public comment online. Silence is not a solution. It's been moved by Councilman Green. All right. All right. Thank you. All right. All right, Madam Clerk, we can go to the new item, which is item 21. Councilmember Harris, we're on top of page 36, a legislative group. We have ordinance calendar number thirty four thousand five ninety six by Councilmember Harris by request and ordinance authorizing the acquisition of a portion of square RP six X lot a six a slash six B and the first municipal district founded by Annunciation Street. They all used to read the Pontchartrain Expressway. Chapter to the street. Malcolm E Street. Municipal address twenty eight seven twenty six. Malcolm E Street here in after reference as the portion of Square RP six X by the city of New Orleans from the Ernest and Morial New Orleans Exhibition Hall Authority authorizing the dedication of the portion of Square RP six X as a public right away for the relocation of a portion of the Malcolm E Street right of way. Located in the first municipal district between squares RP six X and RP five X bounded by Annunciation and Choppa Tully Street here and after reference as the Malcolm E Street portion revoking the street dedication of the Malcolm E Street portion authorizing the transfer of the Malcolm E Street portion from the city of New Orleans to Earnest and Morial New Orleans Exhibition Hall Authority. In exchange for the portion of Square RP dash six X and otherwise to provide with respect there too. And there is an amendment amendment to art in this calendar number thirty four thousand five ninety six by Councilmember Harris on page three in section three delete lines thirteen through fifteen and replace them with the following. Number two the street relocation plan must be approved by the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development. That is the amendment. Thank you madam clerk. Before we get into it I'd like to go ahead and move to adopt the amendment. This simply corrects the ordinance for consistency with CPC staff report providing that D.O.T. approval is required for the street relocation plan and in this case the approval already came in and form of a letter of compliance. I'm going to go ahead and move. I need a second second of my council member Moreno. All in favor. You need another one. I need one more. While we're waiting why don't we have CPC staff come up as well as Jeff Schwartz. All right. So the amendment is passed. Now on to the ordinance as amended. This obviously is an item that's drawn a lot of attention and frankly a lot of misinformation. So let me lay out very clearly the action that's before the council today. The ordinance authorizes a land swap just like the council approved at last council meeting for Duncan Plaza without any fanfare specifically it authorizes the mayor to exchange about half an acre of the city owned portion of Melphin Street right away for half an acre of the state owned portion of Melphin Street. And when I say state owned that means the convention center. So what we're talking about is two pieces of land with negligible difference in size and cost. CPC who is here today recommended approval on the two pieces of the exchange both the disposition of the city and property and the acquisition of the state owned property. And Bob Rivers is here to speak on that later as we move on the Department of property management who's also here today reviewed the exchange and is in support and that is the charter required step in the process. And again they are are here today. The purpose of this land swap is to improve traffic flow which will create pedestrian access and provide an overall benefit for the larger River District development because of its ties to the River District. There is a misconception that today's ordinance will effectively determine whether Topgolf will be permitted. That's wrong. Topgolf has already received his building permits from the city last December and is moving forward regardless of our vote today. Furthermore the land where Topgolf is slated to be built has allowed outdoor amusement facilities as a permitted by right use under the city zoning laws since at least 2015 and that's why Topgolf felt comfortable enough to lease the property from RD&I. By approving today's land swap we simply ensure a safer better design right of way for the general public. And to be clear I will repeat what I've said many many times before my support for the River District including the Topgolf project is premised on RD&I delivery of 900 housing units 450 of which must be priced at the affordable or workforce level. This is spelled out as a legal requirement of RD&I in many places including its lease with the convention center and it's also in the CEA that covers the entire project. On that note I'm proud to say that leading up to the council's consideration of the Melphamine swap I took the opportunity to push the developer to renegotiate the CEA we passed back in December and today we've introduced that revised CEA which first and foremost will include the city and council as parties. I also double down on the affordable housing benefits and I expect RD&I development team to deliver those affordable housing units. There will now be a restricted affordable housing reserve account where half of all of RD&I additional taxes will be deposited and available only to support the 450 units of affordable workforce housing and the infrastructure necessary for that development. And remember that these additional taxes are an additional two pennies in sales tax and two pennies in hotel occupancy tax on top of all other city and state taxes that apply. For Topgolf that's estimated to generate 14 million dollars over the next 30 years. And please remember that the entire development that the River District is developing is on state owned property that has sat empty for over 30 years generating zero revenue of any kind. I want to thank my colleagues on this council for their contributions on the CEA which I know we will publicly discuss much more at a future meeting. And before we get back to MELPOMINE the matter at hand today I would like to clarify one thing contrary to what has been stated Topgolf is not receiving city benefits. It has no tax abatement and no tiff. It is on the hook for any and all of its taxes. And again a percentage of those taxes will go to support affordable housing. Every component of this project has followed legal processes required and this land swap is no exception. CPC property management DPW safety and permits have conducted every review required by state and city laws and policies. On top of that I specifically asked the law department and council to the city council to individually verify that the exchange would be legally sound and it will be. And I know we have residents from the area here today and I know that you're disappointed but that does not determine whether Topgolf is coming to New Orleans. It is. But I will continue to push that corporation to value your quality of life and invest in the neighborhood in the same way all new New Orleans do. I urge the lower garden district association and Topgolf to come to a good neighbor agreement that then can be put into provisos that control that agreement. I've spoken enough right now. I'd like to turn it over to CPC Bob. Will you go ahead and report on the exchange. Yes thank you. My name is Bob Rivers the director of the city planning commission. The matter before us today is the exchange of a portion of Melpamine Street between enunciation and Chappatoula streets for the technical purposes of the city planning commissions process. This comes in two phases. One is a disposition of city owned property and the second is the acquisition of the Convention Center owned property. The city planning commission held a hearing on this matter on. I'm sorry. In December and the city planning commission recommended approval of both halves of this matter. I and my staff are here and available for any questions you all might have. Do any of my fellow City Council people have any questions. With that I will turn to public comment. We have a lot of cards. I will remind everyone that you must state your name and address and you are limited to two minutes to speak. If you go over that two minutes I will urge you to wrap up and because we have a lot of cards we are sticking to that two minutes. So first up is Zach Smith. OK. No Zach Smith. Matt Smith. Good afternoon Council President as well as fellow council members. I am Matt Smith senior director of real estate for Topgolf on behalf of over 30000 Topgolf associates. I am thankful to be before you today. We are very proud and very committed to be the initial anchor of the River District project. I am speaking obviously in support of today's ordinance which is to realign Melponmeen Street which again ensures good traffic flow and pedestrian safety once Topgolf opens. This ordinance is further supported by a traffic study and that traffic study has been reviewed and approved by New Orleans Department of Public Works and has also received a certificate of compliance from LA DOTD. As the initial anchor of the River District project we will be bringing an investment of over 40 million dollars in the construction of our venue. During the construction and development phase we will we plan on networking with hosting local job fairs to bring in over 400 good paying jobs that that jobs those jobs provide full health benefits retirement plans and education benefits. During the operation of the venue we estimate that Topgolf New Orleans will generate an additional 30 million in sales and real estate taxes over a 10 year period and we will be paying a market rent for the land that we lease. Additionally Topgolf invest in our local communities under our Driving for Good community platform. Some early connections have already been made to include conversations with the first tee of New Orleans, Raphael's Village, Son of Saint and Early Partners Learning Center. In addition Topgolf provides discounts to first responders and to members of the military as well as offering free usage of the tee line for local youth organizations. That's your time. Thank you. Sissy LaForge followed by George Brower. Good morning. I'm Sissy LaForge and I'm head of school at St. Michael's Special School and I'm just here to voice our support of the positive economic development in our area. You may not know this but our school has been a part of that community since 1965. So I have not seen all the changes over the years but we've had many of them. So we support this. We believe it will improve our public safety. We support the traffic flow improvements in our area. And most importantly we appreciate the opportunity for our students to enter the job market by having low entry jobs by the development in our area. So thank you very much for your consideration. Thank you. George Brower followed by Lindsay Pellerin. George Brower. Thank you Council for hearing. I'm very much for this project. We have property at 634 and 633. Orange Street and we have support of this community and invested in it. And I think this will do a great job building our city and getting revenues that we desperately need and jobs. I'm for it and I've known Louis LaRocela for 45 years. Thank you. Thank you. Lindsay Pellerin followed by Andrew Yawn. Good afternoon council members. My name is Lindsay Pellerin residing at 1427 Polymer Street. I'm currently the vice president and parks chair of the Lower Garden District Association. The president Arthur Sorokin is unable to attend today but he echoes our concerns. The board of the Lower Garden District has voted to oppose our DNI and city councils proposed ordinance of the Melpamine land swap on the Topgolf parcel. Our concerns have been brought to the attention of city council in correspondence in September of 2022 and more recently on March 2nd and April 2nd. A few of our concerns include a lack of transparency and rushed permitting process where typically the required steps that they would have to go through were bypassed with the text amendment depriving both concerned constituents and city council their right to weigh in on the project. Second unresolved traffic issues related to Port Nola and DOTD in an already congested traffic area with very weak streets. Third the lack of environmental impact studies in an urban setting for the sound level lighting and avian issues. Fourth a lack of committed funding for the housing past Topgolf's contribution which is the significant reason that the city and its supporters have backed this project. Lastly Topgolf would be towering over the city's landmarks with over a dozen 175 foot poles connected by nets blasting music lit up brightly until after 2 a.m. on weekends. Now it would be wedged into a residential neighborhood so close to housing they are literally attaching the lighting onto an apartment building and its parking structure. While also requiring a street to be moved just so they can bury this venue on the parcel. This is not the right place for a business like this especially where the quality of life of the existing community in the area is not being considered. New Orleans used to be protective of historic neighborhoods and this project flies in the face of that especially in one of the city's most nationally recognized historic neighborhoods. Lindsay that's your time. Thank you. And John followed by Michael Eric Burnside. Good afternoon my name is Andrew. I live at 1532 Camp Street for the last 22 years. I'm a member and former president of the lower garden district Association. I'd like to start by thanking all of you for meeting with us me and a couple of my colleagues over the last several weeks that meant a lot to us to get a chance to make our case to you prior to our two minute time slot today. A big problem in the world today is that people can't seem to agree on basic facts. So here's a fact and it is indisputable. RD&I put 175 foot high provision and the text amendment but did not tell anyone it was for Topgolf until after the text amendment passed and we have demonstrated that in our letters to you and the information we posted online. They say otherwise that the correct process was followed and they did everything they were supposed to and we are spreading misinformation. This is called projection and already and I does it a lot. Projection is where you take your own flaws and you project them onto your adversary and call them their flaws. Our information is solid. The facts are on our side. We are the truth tellers here. This because we are telling the truth many people in neighborhood organizations around the city are on our side. These people including many of your constituents agree with us that good process leads to better results and bad process leads to bad results. We just agree that Topgolf on the edge of a historic neighborhood is a bad result. RD&I did what developers must learn and developer school. Keep your controversial stuff quiet as long as possible. They have succeeded in that using every trick in the book. So here we are today with our first genuine chance to have our voice heard and affect the outcome of this project. Please hold the whole RD&I accountable force them persuade them require them to follow good process. Do not give them what they want today. Use today to start giving yourselves and the citizens a meaningful voice in this process. Please vote to oppose the Melvin mean land swap. Thank you Andrew. Michael Eric Burnside followed by Janine Stevens. Like Eric Burnside 22 15 Felicity. Two minutes is not a lot of time so I'm just going to hit the high points. Superdome came into the city and it's a very very illustrative example of how agreements change over time before 2000 Superdome gave some money to the city after 2000 the Superdome did not give any more money to the city. I do not doubt that at the beginning the additional revenues will exist and flow into a fund but I doubt that that will actually last through the entirety of the process. The next thing I want to mention casually is that if pedestrian safety is an issue here a long time ago I sent an email highlighting how the University of Arizona has an underground pedestrian walkway that allows its students to safely traverse a very dangerous high speed interior city highway. If safety is the issue then an underground beautiful large wide pedestrian access tunnel isn't really a tunnel. It's basically turning the what would be choppa to this year into a bridge should be built and yes it will cost more money but it will also be extremely safe for pedestrians. The next thing I want to hit on is April 10th I've been told that April 10th is when the meeting for the Louisiana Housing Corporation is going to happen as to whether there is actually going to be state money involved in the affordable housing component of our DNA is promised to us. This is April 4th it would seem to me wisdom to have delayed this vote until after April 10th. It's one thing to receive a letter from the Louisiana Department of Transportation. It would be additionally good to receive a letter from the Louisiana Housing Corporation that says yes in fact there is money for these dreams. The dreams in question is the yellow light our workforce housing which will provide housing at 120 percent of am I. There is no no one to me contractual obligation for any affordable housing which of course is 80 percent of am I. That's your time. Thank you. Colin health scene followed by Susan Johnson. Colin. Colin. All right. And now for the reason opposition season Johnson. Susan Johnson. I'm here representing Louisiana Landmark Society. Speaking on behalf of Sandra Stokes Advocacy Chair. The address is 14 40 Moss. Louisiana Landmark Society stands with the Lower Garden District in opposing the move of Melpamine to make room for top golf. Please do not give away a public street for a private profit endeavor that will permanently mar the Lower Garden District. Moving a street should be performed only for the public good, not to benefit a commercial concern, and proper public process is imperative. We ask that the Council defer this issue, please, until the Section 106 process regarding this project is complete and all information is on the table. We need to understand impacts of soundlight and traffic on the adjacent historic neighborhood, and safety impacts of bright lights facing the interstate and ramps. Prior to this vote to swap Melpamine, an appraisal must be performed to ensure equal value of the exchange. We see no evidence this has happened. It should also be made public and vetted by the city and the community. We also oppose the deeply flawed development process that has brought us to this point. A project this enormous, so disruptive to the community, deserves maximum scrutiny and discussion. Instead, the process lacks transparency and opportunities for community dialogue. It would begin with the first NPP, when neighbors were shown a pretty picture of affordable housing and amenities that included a grocery and retail. Top Gulf facility with its 175-foot poles netting accompanying lighting is well suited to a suburban industrial setting. It definitely should not be located next to low-scale residential community like the Lower Garden District. Thank you. Thank you. Matt Ryan, followed by Jamie Mueller. Matt Ryan. Matt Ryan. Good morning. I'm Matt Ryan. I live at 1017 Uterp. I've been a banker for 30 years in my other life when I wasn't a bumbling neighborhood activist. I've been trying to figure out this deal, how big-time developers can come in and pitch a deal with affordable housing, an African-American museum, and then a grocery store, and then leverage that into a text amendment that gives them all their zoning. Then as soon as they get that text amendment, say, oops, sorry, it's really going to be a Top Gulf, but it's a surprise. That's cool. There are two kinds of lies. They're lying by commission and lying by omission. I don't want to start a theological debate. Also, there's not really any funding for the African-American museum. Sorry. But it seems like that behavior would make people not trust you, and it still didn't make sense. I was thinking, why is this happening? And then it hit me. They can't afford this. They knew that from the beginning. There was no way that they were going to be able to start off with affordable housing, but they said they were going to anyway. They want to do this like that 80s infomercial, buy real estate with no money down. That's what these guys are doing. It's like they're turning the city of New Orleans into the special man. It's terrible. I would like you all to please vote against this land swap because past behavior will tell you that this affordable housing deal is not happening. They've had two opportunities to do it so far, and they haven't done it. In banking, we're real big with balance sheets. Jamie Mueller, followed by Katie Grace Bauer. Jamie Mueller. Can you hear me? Council members, Jamie Mueller, 1118 Orange Street. It's telling that the river district developers' natural instinct is to accuse regular New Orleanians of misinformation of wanting the city to fail. Sure. As regular schlubs want to volunteer for countless hours just to work against our own self-interest and tear down the city and stop progress, give me a break. The communities speaking out against the top golf are the only people demanding the affordable housing immediately. Affordable housing that was presented to go in this parcel from the beginning. So the river district developers must stop with their strawman arguments because we can all see through it, and I'm sure you all at the city council are tired of their gaslighting as well. If the public is wrong about something, if we're not fully actualized to their grand plan, then that merely proves our point that the community outreach has been non-existent. I cite their lack of a single post on social media about any NPP, not one. Their social media outreach has been abysmal right up until they started feeling the heat from the public. Personally, I don't know how any serious person can claim that a top golf is either the best use of 12 acres of prime public land, or that it's a top golf that must save the city of New Orleans. But if the river district developers are holding some great insight into why their wild assessments are correct, they should have been forthright with the community from the beginning in March of 2022 and hashed it out through a transparent process, since apparently a top golf is always what they intended to build. Instead, they bait and switch us. The river district developers chose to play sleight of hand and they were caught, and now we can't trust them, and RD&I, the leader of a multi-billion dollar development, is still trying to silence the public's opinion and questions and concerns, and in a world where the hard rock tragedy happened no less. But the river district cannot delete these comments. Council, you have the power to stop their intellectual dishonesty, hit pause, and drag this project into the light to provide the scrutiny it deserves. Because if it passes now, the river district's legacy will always be based on their snowballing lies. So please vote no. Katie Grace Bauer, followed by Gary Solomon. Katie Grace, she's in support. Gary Solomon. Good morning. Thank you, each of you, for listening to all these comments today. I need you to know that my involvement in the civic city here in our town has been forever, and when I have no contact, no relationship, no business relationship with anyone involved in this, I have to tell you, in November 2019, I moved my corporate office to Dallas because the lack of being able to get the business people who I needed to come here to work for me to come here. When I saw this project, I thought it was the best thing I have seen for New Orleans since Katrina when the opportunities we had then. You know, Topgolf is just one piece of it, and I do know in other cities Topgolf is a big draw for tourists, especially those that are having conventions. I happen to know the owner of Topgolf over in Dallas when he first started it, the first one. So any sign that I see that says that we're not open for business in New Orleans, it bothers me because I think people watch, people know. The people with money are thriving in Nashville and Charlotte and those cities. So I got involved and spoke up very heavily in favor of the River District because I want to see the business community and those who are willing to invest their money in our town to be appreciated, not to be given anything, but to be appreciated and to be able to show that they can do business in New Orleans. So I thank you for listening today and I hope that you support Topgolf and the whole River District. Thank you. Todd James, followed by Luis Laresello. Thank you, Councilmembers. Good morning. I'm Todd James with Broadmoor LLC, a part of the development team with River District Neighborhood Investors. I'm here as an agent on behalf of the Convention Center. Mr. Sawai is here, the head of the Convention Center. And as a manager of the infrastructure package for our development, I'm here to answer any questions and provide info on this matter. First, thank you all for your consideration on the land swap today. The city and the Convention Center, for the city and the Convention Center to reroute Melfamy Street, and to better align it with Chappatoulas. And it's inherent improvement of traffic flow and add an intersection as a part of our overall River District development. I want to assure you and the public, we have made our way through all of our proper planning and coordination with authorities that have jurisdiction. Excuse me. And making sure that we satisfied all of those requirements. In particular, we had commissioned the traffic studies necessary for this measure. Considering input from all of our appropriate stakeholders, including Public Works, DLTD, the Convention Center, the Port, and our neighbors with Tulane University. As a result of these extensive coordination points with the Planning Commission and Public Works, we believe we have devised the appropriate plan where rerouting Melfamy Street will not only benefit the involvement of our development, improving traffic flow, alignment of vehicular access, and walkability, but most importantly, protecting what is considered to be an offset of how these vehicles can impact Annunciation Street to the lakeside of our development. With this in mind, I do ask for you all to vote in favor of the land swap. And again, I'm here if you guys have any questions. Thank you. Thank you. Luis Laracella, followed by Quentin Marks. Good afternoon. I'm Luis Laracella, co-managing member of River District Neighborhood LLC. I want to thank each of you on the Council and each of your staff members for working diligently with our team over the past few months. We are pleased to be in partnership with you as we advance development plans for the River District. And I thank each of you for your commitment and opportunity for us to get to this point. I would especially like to give a big shout out to Councilmember Harris, who brokered the agreement for the city to be part of the CEA that governs the bonding and taxing authority over the district. We recognize that this was a critical step to establish a true partnership between the city and the River District team. As we work directly with each of you towards this end, I trust we have demonstrated an abundance of goodwill throughout. Our team remains steadfast in its commitment to a better New Orleans as we realize our vision for the River District because it offers a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for our city. I am hopeful you will approve the land swap that is before you today, as this accommodation will help ensure that the end user can achieve its desired potential and thereby provide significant financial, employment and social dividends to the people of New Orleans. Our project managers intentionally plan the rerouting of Melpamine Street in close coordination with the appropriate city and state departments to accomplish the best possible plans for the development and to allow optimum traffic flow for neighbors and businesses. Finally, I want to recognize and applaud the support of New Orleans Chamber of Commerce, New Orleans & Company, GNO, Inc. and the New Orleans Business Alliance. Thank you for your consideration of our project plans and support for this transformational project. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your support. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm a citizen here in town calling to thank you this time and I'm here to ask for this land swap. All I would say is that I've had a chance to travel many places in my life and go to many conventions. In a lot of cases where you go to travel cities, Vegas is a good example, there's a top golf place that's walkable from where you are. And I think that's one of the key aspects of this is that it makes the venue attractive to companies that want to come here to hold a convention. And that's a big part of our success here in New Orleans is our convention business. So having this to me is a key piece of that puzzle, and I would think that it should be something that the community would support because if you look at what's been there for the last 20 years, it's a truck marshalling yard. So why you would want a truck marshalling yard in your backyard for 20 years versus a lovely green space, it may have a fence around it, but it's been a truck marshalling yard for 20 years. This is a significant improvement and will help New Orleans attract other conventions that want to come here. Thank you for your time today. Thank you. Peter Waggoner, followed by M.X. Turner. Hi, Councilmembers. Thank you. Peter Waggoner, Greater New Orleans, Inc. 1100 Portage Street. GNO, Inc., the Regional Economic Development Organization for the Ten Parishes of Southeast Louisiana, is supportive of this ordinance in all efforts to advance the River District. We recognize the River District as a generational economic development opportunity that will be the largest private non-energy project in the history of our state. The mixed-use development will bring together office, residential, commercial, and amenities like Topgolf while investing in infrastructure and stormwater management that make the new neighborhood a new national model for resilience and workforce access. As you know, the River District has committed to providing affordable workforce housing that will aid workforce access and economic mobility. Topgolf itself is fostering partnerships with organizations to engage workforce and underserved youth. As a whole, the River District will be invaluable in reestablishing New Orleans as a destination for young professionals who are seeking corollary mixed-use living environments to their peers and thriving metros currently like D.C., Austin, and Nashville. This cluster and proximity of talent and activity will be a boon to attracting and retaining headquarters as evidenced by the shell development and have ripple effects that benefit economic outcomes across our city and region. So we thank you for your consideration of this project and its economic impact at this critical intersection for investment in our region. Thank you. Thank you. M.X. Turner. M.X. Turner, 1628 North Dupree Street, the Fairgrounds neighborhood. I'm here representing New Orleans. I'm here representing other neighborhoods that will get this done to them. Ms. Harris, I'm talking. I'm talking. Do you? Do you hear us? Because you gloated about how this is a done deal, Councilmember, that this is a done deal which gives rise to the question, why are any of us talking? I have notes, and I'll put it on the record, but if you're proud of the fact this is already a done deal with you doing the doneness, it seems like a kabuki show here. Here are my notes. First of all, it was a study done of traffic done by the developer. You know, I read comic books when I was a kid, but I knew they were fake. You know, the playbook that these suits are using to get you to go along with the deal is like one of those comic books they will not come through, and you know this. You know this to be the case. Bringing young professionals here, that's one of the deals. What about black masking Indians? What about people in the lower ninth? What about people in the east? You know, they're not going to see the benefits of this. Tax breaks for an office building for Shell? That doesn't help anybody, but Shell, they're in a perfectly fine office building right now. Affordable housing to who? And by the time it gets built for who? I want you to think about that. I want all of you to think about that. I know, the developer, do you really think that this is the best juice? River District people? Never mind, you're just going to lie to us anyway. I don't want to hear your answer. People don't come to New Orleans to hit golf balls off of a 175-foot netted platform. They come to New Orleans for what New Orleans is. And I'm just going to say, I have a lot of notes, but I'm just going to tell you one thing. You're gaslighting us with this whole idea that this was an open process. You're gaslighting us with the idea that this is for the people of New Orleans. You're gaslighting us with the idea that this is what New Orleans is about. That's your time. And those gaslights are 175 feet up in the air. That's your time. Janine Stevens. Janine Stevens. Janine Stevens. Hi, can you all hear me okay? Okay, thank you. My name is Jean Stevens. I live at 1370 Constance Street. I'm currently the Lower Garden District Association Treasurer, and I've been involved with the organization since 2014. I live in the Lower Garden District, and I support economic development. I pose the land swap because the characteristics of this project, as described by the River District developers, don't line up. Also, because there has been no critical scrutiny by city agencies for such a highly impactful project in a historic neighborhood. I'm going to read some quotes from the River District's February 2022 video presentation. Tara Hernandez. We are creating a new New Orleans neighborhood that will have its own distinctions, but be representative of the characteristics and traditions of our great New Orleans. Peter Merwin. There is an intimacy to the scale of New Orleans that we're very much interested in retaining. Video continues. A neighborhood in which the architecture is timeless in character and design to enhance the neighborhood's sense of place and its cultural heritage. A dynamic destination that represents the city's rich cultural heritage while pointing to a bright and innovative future. The future development will be cohesive and consistent with the rest of the neighborhood. This sounds fantastic. What we're actually getting is a top gulf that is slapped against an apartment building with a driving range view of a highway interstate. I'm not sure what precedent this sets for the future parcels development of the rest of River District, but it doesn't feel cohesive and consistent with the lower garden district, much less bright and innovative. It feels forced and the opposite of thoughtful. Also, if this development in this parcel of land wasn't good enough in 2019, according to Governor Edwards, the developer Joe Yaeger, who pulled out of the project, and at the time District B Councilperson Jay Banks, then why is it good enough now? What changed? Because I've been at every community. That's your time. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. I have cards from Colin Manimas, who's in support. Alex Hernandez, who's in support. Tucker Crawford, in support. And Colin Mamas, Colin. My name is Colin Mamas. I'm the managing director of North Company's local development team, focused on redeveloping blighted properties and putting underused property back into commerce. I'm not a part of this development, but similar to what Mr Solomon said earlier, pay attention to business opportunities and pay attention to what's happening in the city and how it's perceived outside the city from investors and people who are seeing development happen. From my perspective, I think what's being said right now is trying to litigate whether or not Topgolf should be here. I think that whether or not it's a desired use or not, it is a business use, and it is something I think that is permitted. And I think this project is going to be transformative over the next 20 years can be one of the greatest projects we've had in the city. I've talked to a number of developers on the team and understand the thoughtfulness of what's going in. What's at hand right now is a land swap, which I believe everything has been taken into account and the legalities of what needs to be done. I'm just in full support of this land swap. I hope to see this river district very successful over the next few years. And I hope the impact that we see over the next 20 years is what we're all hoping. So thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Angela O'Byrne. Hello, I'm Angela O'Byrne. I'm a local architect, and I just want to say I'm in favor of this development. I think it's really exciting, and I'd love to see that investment made in the city. I happen to live nearby. I'm in Central City at 2427, Reverend John Raphael Jr. Way. And I play golf, and I'm going to be there if it gets built. Hope you all vote in favor. Thank you. Thank you. I think that's it for public comment. Anita, can you read 10 minutes of online public comment, half for those in support, and half for those who are opposed? And then the rest will be put on the record. Sure. Start with. First comment is from Amanda Kraus. She says top golf is not needed or wanted in the lower garden district. There's another golf place currently being built less than three miles away. The tax break and 99 year lease on public land without our consent is shady and takes away money from us and our children. Not having a written timeline for the construction of public affordable housing gives the developers a way to skirt around completing the construction. We want to keep the integrity of our historic neighborhood and top golf is not it. If we had been if we had been given a vote, I and my husband would have voted no. Representative Harris has lost all trust by doing this deal behind our back. Next comment is from Amber votes. If we care about the culture of New Orleans, we will not build a top golf. I quote Andrew Yahn. If you ask 100 urban planners how to use this property in a way that's good for the community and good for our city and good for historic neighborhood, not a single one would say top golf. Next comment is from Calvin. Help and steam. This amendment shouldn't be needed if there was proper planning to begin with. We need to talk about what's going really going on with top golf project. It's not just about fake golf and tourism. It's about the heart and soul of the city that we love. Living here is already death by 1000 cuts. It's not an accident that we're experiencing some of the worst population declines in the country and issues like this top golf fiasco. Make it impossible to have hope that will ever actually fix our problems. It's not a secret that our DNA, the convention center and the city are pulling some shady moves behind the scenes. They're not playing fair and they're definitely not listening to us. The people who actually live here. But let me let me be clear. We cannot allow our city's unique history and it's one of a kind essence to be bought or sold. It must be cherished, protected and passed down like generations before us have done. Let's be real. New Orleans isn't successful because of tourists and our ability to host massive parties. It's successful because of the neighborhoods, the history and the people who make it special. But if we keep going down this path, we're going to lose all of that. Do you really want to trade the uniqueness of our city for some quick cash? Do we want to let these out of town and out of touch? When we were talking about the mass deaths of the rich Dallas companies, call the shots while we are left in the dark and left sitting with consequences literally for the rest of our lives. We demand the transparency in decision making and a government that works tirelessly to uplift its residents not exploit them for short-term gains. Milpomene and the eight adjacent parallel streets of the lower garden district were named after the muses of Greek mythology during the time when urban planning apparently actually meant something. That's it for that time. Camille Chenneve says the River District misled community members in Topgolf development would cause housing issues and harm to the community. Harry Clough says what's happening with Topgolf is illegal without a contract of the affordable housing deal available to the public it doesn't exist. This is a corporate land grab of an historic area that belongs to the New Orleans community. Please rethink this. Next comment is from Christa Rock. The River District has proven to be dishonest many times. The blatant lies surrounding Topgolf and affordable housing are very apparent. They never had any intention of holding to their original promises of a neighborhood housing and a grocery store. Now at the land swap they found loopholes to get out of the MPP neighborhood participation program. They actively limit comments from the community by serving cease and desist to private citizens who voice their opinions and concerns. They block comments on social media and take down websites that speak out against them. Not only are these actions violating First Amendment rights but it's very clear that they are up to no good. I ask you all to stop this land grab. Build something that benefits our community. Go back to the original plan. The only way we can further New Orleans is by supporting our communities. This will only make the rich richer. Lastly they continue to make claims that there is a smear campaign and push conspiracy theories that there are forces against them. We are concerned citizens. We are not part of a smear campaign. We are protecting our historic neighborhoods. We're not the bad guys. Vote no on Topgolf. The next comment is from Elizabeth Hyde. Topgolf does not belong on the parcel. It is being allocated. The nets will trap birds and let's be honest our fire and police services barely have time for their actual jobs. Now they'll have to go retrieve birds from 15 story nets. The lights shine directly on and into people's apartments and at drivers coming off the CCC. I don't see how this isn't considered dangerous with our already terrible driving. Most importantly this parcel was supposed to be affordable housing, a grocery store, a gym. This swap and essentially gift to Topgolf is ridiculous and not what was presented to the neighborhood. We don't need two of these types of things and five or four golf is in the area that makes much more sense. Also you're going to move a whole street for this. My street and streets on my bike road have been under construction and unusable for months but you're going to move a street for something no one in the neighborhood will use that caters to the convention crowd. Who pays for this? It better not be our taxes. Do something for the people who will actually live here. Residents are tired of our needs being overlooked for the benefit of tourism. I think that's it on five minutes. Okay thank you. Five minutes for support. We've got first comment is from Anthony Yirochi representing let's see key real estate company. Dear council members, key real estate company wholeheartedly supports the proposed ordinance for the acquisition of a portion of square RP 6x lots 6a and 6b. We firmly believe this ordinance signifies a vital step forward in infrastructure improvements and sets the stage to drive community development. We urge City Council to approve this ordinance promptly recognizing its potential to drive economic growth and create a more vibrant and accessible city. Chris Berry with the Louisiana Music and Heritage Experience says dear council members my name is Chris Berry I'm the board chair of Louisiana Music and Heritage Experience which I'll refer to as the experience. Thank you all very much for your amazing significant amazingly significant support of the experiences developing museum to help the story of Louisiana music from Congo Square until today. With your support the experience has now been able to manifest support at the state level. The experience is in support of the ordinance and respectfully requests your vote in favor. The experience is a proposed tenant in the River District development. We in our first in-class consulting team across multiple disciplines believe the River District as a whole will have a substantial cultural and economic impact on our community serving as an engine to promote our future the ordinance in question will allow for several pieces of the development to progress and operate in sync with the experiences creation. The experience will benefit the city with over 700,000 visitors per year 150 million dollars per year in economic development 234 jobs paying 60,000 per year on average with benefits and worldwide recognition of our culture and music. It's key to our success to be located at the foot of the River District development next to the Convention Center and an integral integral part of the River District. The experience requests that you vote in favor of this ordinance. The next comment is from Douglas Stokes he says the city is in dire need of new development this land swap which paves the way for the entire River District represents one major increases in property and sales tax revenue two permanent jobs three increased competitiveness of our Convention Center and four a phase one project backed by a large publicly traded company which requires zero public subsidy I asked the City Council to consider the alternative to the River District vacant undeveloped land offering no ad valorem taxes and no benefit to the city how is that better than a develop fully developed community with affordable housing retention of a major employer entertainment etc. The next comment is from Emily Kramer he says I support the top golf development and therefore support the land swap in order to accomplish said development Philip Rebo says I'm in support of the development of the top golf development in the river to sit in the River City District the project is vital to the development of that area and the creation of jobs for the community Randall a Smith says dear members of the council I'm writing to express my enthusiastic support for the motion introduced by councilmember Harris regarding the proposed development of the River District the introduction of top golf to the New Orleans market promises to invigorate the local economy by revitalizing a long vacant property in a dynamic and forward-thinking manner this development is a once thriving now underutilized area could be transformative for our city like many residents I'm eager for the new opportunities that this project will bring including job creation and increased tax revenue in a community where poverty has been a persistent challenge the prospect of approximately 400 well-paying jobs for top golf is expected to generate is particularly encouraging moreover top golf's strategic location in Morial Convention Center enhances New Orleans is appeal as a destination for conventioneers this coupled with the ongoing renovations at the Convention Center positions our city as an even more enticing option for tourists and business travelers alike at a time when cities across the American South are experiencing renewal and revitalization New Orleans has seen little in the way of new construction with many noting that the only construction cranes they see in our skyline our buildings new jail facilities the development of the River District represents a much-needed injection of vitality we have already witnessed the transformative impact of World War two museum expansion which is an established a vibrant museum district and become a new crown jewel of our city it's my sincere hope that we seize the opportunity before us to continue our city's progress and renewal supporting the proposed top golf development in the River District is a step towards a brighter more prosperous future for New Orleans and its residents all right councilmember I know thank you so I appreciate everyone's comments today particularly the comments of the of the neighbors I think mr. yon mr. Ryan miss Pellerin you all certainly bring up some good points regarding the project as a whole there been some some comments about the project as a whole but I just want to make it clear to everyone about what is before us today so what is before us today isn't really dealing with the with the project as a whole or other aspects of the project what's before us today is the the land swap and whether what's required for a land swap between two public entities if those requirements are being met I can tell you that about two weeks ago I did not think that those requirements were being met because one of the constitutional mandates in having two public entities swap land is that each parcel of land that is being exchanged needs to be comparable in value so since that time I had requested a valuation of the parcels by an appraiser and that did come back and the appraisers are Stegel Benton, Melanson and associates that did show that both parcels are comparable so as I look at what is before us today it does meet the requirements but that is not to say that there are not you know potentially other issues with this proposal as a whole the project as a whole I've mentioned some of the previous issues that still need to be worked on and I am hoping that we do have as a council and I've spoken about this publicly as well a reset with the development team to work more collaboratively together as this as this moves forward but once again before us today is really a very technical matter similar to what we had you know roughly two weeks ago with the Duncan Plaza Exchange that wasn't about whether or not you support potential new civic complex or whatever development could come there it's whether that particular instrument before us met the criteria and it did two weeks ago with Duncan Plaza and it does today thank you. Any other council members wish to speak? All right let me just wrap this bit up by saying this I believe that the River District is going to be transformative in a positive way I believe that bringing together retail along with 900 units of new housing along the riverfront which has sat fallow for 30 years 450 of which will be affordable and workforce will be transformative I believe that the investors who represent a diverse team I believe that the you you need to be in order we allowed you to speak you need to be in order thank you I believe that the diverse team represented by the developers are doing their best to try to build a new development again along the riverfront that has sat empty for years and for that reason I've supported RD&I I've supported this development and as councilmember Moreno said this is a technical vote and so with that I'm going to move as amended. Second of my count from member Green all in favor five ayes one nay thank you Andrew it actually is not your first time speaking in public about this so don't act like it is council members we're now going to go back to page 12 we have ordinance calendar number 34,650 by councilmember Jerusalem and ordinance hey excuse me excuse me excuse me we have a council meeting still please take your business outside the chambers we need to conduct business for the rest of everything that's on the agenda thank you we're on top of page 12 ordinance calendar number 34,650 a council member Jerusalem and ordinance to amend and reordain articles 4 and 18 of the comprehensive zoning ordinance ordinance number 4264 MCS as amended by ordinance number 26,413 MCS and subsequent amendments to establish a new overlay district named the university area design overlay the intent of which is to provide design advisory committee review for new residentially zoned structures or major renovations or expansions of residentially zoned structures located in the university area for all properties located in the area generally bounded by South Claiborne Avenue in the North Nashville Avenue in the east st. Charles Avenue in the south and South Carrollton Avenue in the south and otherwise to provide with respect there to zoning docket 8923 and there is an amendment by councilmember Jerusalem number one on page three line 71 in table four dash to develop plan and design review thresholds add an X in the CPC director approval and DAC recommendation column and remove the X in the CPC director approval column that is the amendment I'm gonna move on the amendment second by councilmember King we need one more member for a quorum we don't yeah we're waiting on at least two more we need one more on that side I knew Leslie's not here we just need we need at least one more we need one more member for the vote thank you hang on hang on councilmember because we'll be real quick on the ordinance if you don't mind I'll move for approval of the ordinance as amended second by councilmember King five days no days thank you madam clerk if we can I know I had something coming up but what you got wait wait councilmember okay so we haven't voted on the ordinance as amended we just did we did both we did both I got you ma'am all right mr. Allen with the with the Marcus Garvey Association gonna lie you two minutes a person of privilege to address the council but it has to be just two minutes respect everyone's time so we're gonna give you two minutes and I want to be disrespectful if it goes over I would like to cut you off at two minutes always my name is Albert you and Clark I'm always here represent three groups when I'm a stable dude when I'm a smurf mobilization racism and government everywhere I miss the POCC prison of consequence again we sent you a letter you know letter was dated for March the 7th we didn't see it on the agenda and so was concerned about you know whether or not you know y'all received it it would definitely like to understand everybody have a copy of this did you give everybody capital oh yeah yes this is for the Marcus Garvey's committee again you know we are organizing reorganizing the Marcus Garvey's committee prior to hurricane America we was up and running since then you know we've been down but we're trying to reorganize it right now we definitely like we know that they've been a move afoot to redevelop the Riverwalk Marcus Garvey's was arrested you know around 1925 you know jail on Trump's charges by AJ Hoover eventually he was you know given a pardon and he was deported you know back to Jamaica he left from here from New Orleans and we definitely like to you know see if we can get a plaque place you're on the river all your honor you know his departure from you know New Orleans we found you know in addition to mother stuff you know but anyhow y'all got the letter and appreciate that y'all respond to it mr. Clark all right thank you thank you council members we're now going to go to the top of page 38 we have art this calendar number thirty four thousand six twelve by councilmember Jerusalem by request and ordinance to amend and reordain ordinance number twenty nine thousand seven thirty seven MCS entitled on ordinance providing a capital budget for the year 2024 to effect the following change to the twenty twenty four capital budget to deappropriate funds from the chief administrative office the Department of Property Management the Department of Public Works the New Orleans Health Department the New Orleans Fire Department and the New Orleans Mosquito termite and road and control the New Orleans Public Library the New Orleans Recreation Development Commission and stormwater and green infrastructure to appropriate funds to the chief administrative office the Department of Parks and Parkway the Department of Property Management the Department of Public Works the Department of Sanitation the New Orleans Fire Department the New Orleans Mosquito termite and road and control department the New Orleans Recreation Development Commission and stormwater and green infrastructure and otherwise to provide with respect there to and there is an amendment by councilmember Jerusalem by request number one on page three in the last whereas paragraph insert the following new paragraph prior to the phrase now therefore and whereas upon the adoption of the amendment to this ordinance an additional eight million dollars in repurpose twenty twenty one bond funds on active projects and two thousand four and two thousand five bond funds from completed projects will be appropriated for the sewage and water board power station number two on page for line 23 delete the figure eleven million eight hundred seven thousand seventy five dollars and replace with six million eight hundred thirty seven dollars three hundred eighty four number three on page for line twenty four delete the figure one million one hundred seventy one thousand thousand nine hundred twenty eight and replace with four million one oh five three sixty one number four on page four following line 25 the following new lines six zero zero seven six bridges two million thirty six thousand two fifty nine and renumber all subsequent lines accordingly on page five on page four like 29 new nine numbers delete the figure twenty one million four hundred eighty eight thousand three hundred thirteen and replace with twenty one million four hundred eighty eight thousand three hundred fourteen number six on page five line seventy four new line numbers delete the figure thirty nine thousand six eighty six seven eighty three and replace with thirty nine thousand six eighty six seven eighty four number seven on page nine line one eighty six new line numbers delete the figure sixty nine sixty nine million four hundred ten thousand one hundred forty four and replace with sixty nine million four hundred ten thousand one hundred forty three that is the amendment thank you madam clerk the primary focus of this amendment is to award soojin water board the eight million dollars that we discussed here during Tuesday's meeting for the substation I also want to take this opportunity to do something a little bit different which is to comment on some pending legislation at the state and know some of my colleagues may want to weigh in as well as I read HB for 941 it is a hundred percent a takeover of sewage and water board let's just look at the language as my law school professor used to urge me to do it says part one the reformative entity for New Orleans panel referred to in the section as panel is hereby created here's the operative language to assume the responsibilities of the New Orleans sewage and water board that ladies and gentlemen is a takeover not the next part to weigh the public water system the public sewage system and the public drainage system of the city of New Orleans shall be constructed controlled maintained and operated by the panel that is a takeover next line part B under part two the panel may exercise any and all powers and duties granted to the board by or under Louisiana law that is also a takeover I say all this because we have been very clear as a council that the thing that we are concerned about the most is that we have all the accountability but little the authority and we are constantly being called upon to fund projects for sewage and water board to make sure the residents have clean drinking water power that works and that there aren't wild sewer breaks as well I will say this I am going to vote for the eight million dollars right now and I know that the thirteen million dollars is supposed to come later but if there is a vote by the state to take over and take away the sewage and water board completely as is proposed in this bill that thirteen million I will have grave reservations forwarding given the fact that the city will no longer have any control whatsoever I know the board is lit up before we vote councilmember morale councilmember Thomas thank you I echo many of my colleagues and I want to be even more specific when you look at the takeover proposed by the task force the actual takeover by the task force is less all-encompensating than what is proposed in this bill this bill basically just replaces the sewage and water board with all the powers responsibilities it has with the state appointed panel that is not a recovery district that's a step beyond a recovery district it's just a replacement board with state officials but I want to go one step further there is an emphasis throughout this legislation on having an essentially an accounting of past judgments there's specific language in there that talks about how essentially there'll be an audit going to see what all the judgments are pending against the New Orleans sewage and water board this gives me grave concern and let me tell you why the New Orleans sewage and water board and the city of New Orleans both have an incredible backlog of past due judgments and this is a problem that exists in both bodies that must be resolved in a holistic way councilman Jerusalem has been on a point of this talking about potentially bond sales and the like to create a new sewage and water board a state board that is getting an itemized list of past judgments with ultimate authority to do anything that it seeks to do with the authority vested in it seems to state there will be a particular effort to pay past due judgments that is not normally a bad thing if you have a holistic solution to paying past due judgments however the only revenue of the New Orleans sewage and water board is rates and millages that's it and those rates and millages go towards the ongoing operations of the New Orleans sewage and water board when the obligations exceed those rates and millages you see things like today where they go we need eight million dollars of twenty one million dollars to get this substation up which is a priority for this council and for citizens to not flood I echo what councilmember Jerusalem already said and that it does not make sense for this council to obligate itself to give 13 million more dollars to a state panel that will be fixated on settling past judgments when that 13 million is to bill a substation it does not I do not want to de-emphasize the fact judgment should be paid but right now it's about drainage preventing flooding and protecting a livelihood in the lives of people in the city of New Orleans you cannot prioritize paying past judgments off of protecting businesses and lives and should this panel ever come into existence we could never trust them with 13 million dollars without based upon what's in front of us that they will in fact prioritize lives over past judgments so I echo the the chairman's statements I support everything he's saying and what's really disheartening in this conversation is that when we have bills like senator Harris's and representative Hilfries where everyone on the state and local level have come together to focus on what we agree on you have this outlier bill that simply exists to create discord and conflict because I have yet to find anyone other than the author and maybe the co-author that support this bill of the people that have been having the arguments the fights the disagreements and the settlements on the future of sewage and water board none of them want this it's a dangerous distraction and it I call upon the legislature I call upon the author to take this off the table so we can focus on the things of which there is agreement thank you thank you very much councilmember Thomas first of all I want to thank councilmember Jerusalem for his comments and I can say it in my calm voice this issue in the matter of billing is really just really a red hearing and for the media in the press here what we need the state to be as a predator to partner not a predator if the state wants to work with the city of New Orleans it would be better served if that if they would work with us to improve infrastructure to improve our standing in this community and then for folk if they didn't know and the press isn't going to report this for the reporters who are here the Americans Association of Civil Society of Civil Engineers gives the state a D in terms of how they take care of and deal with our infrastructure so why would you give a D student in a system why would you give a state that fails in most infrastructure categories members of the press well probably because the council from Jerusalem the reason why they're focused on the take over that's probably the most the sexiest thing not to talk about how a state that fails in its own infrastructure with 15% of the state's water systems that are actually failing they don't tell you that Sean Wilson's own report about the inability to have resources to take care of our infrastructure they won't tell you that yeah we want the state's help yeah we want to partner with the stuff with the with the state but I think it would be better served that if the state would work hard to improve its standing as a related to its infrastructure improve its standing as it relates to its systems improve its standing as it relates this water systems before it starts taking on systems and other communities that actually fare better in the rating than theirs and that's not because I say it that's because if you look at the grading system in America thank you thank you councilmember Thomas councilmember green in councilman Thomas's in my district there are right now three bridges out the Seabrook bridge the almanester bridge which is controlled by a state agency and also the chef pass bridge which is just exclusively and in councilman Thomas's agency I mean district there is raw sewage flowing into the backs of yards in st. Tammany Parish is that actually in your district right on the line well the almanester for example it goes right down the line the bottom line is that very near to my district and in my district and very near to councilman Thomas's district but also in this district there are three bridges out right now which are a problem because they are controlled by the state of Louisiana or an agency of the state of Louisiana it's an example of the difficulty in controlling infrastructure needs we also have raw sewage flowing into st. Tammany Parish ditches we also have rate increases that have been announced in Jefferson Parish of 20 years for what infrastructure improvements because of the crumbling infrastructure there's nothing inherently wrong with New Orleans that we can't get things done that other people have done what we ignore sometimes is the fact that there are problems throughout our state I have not heard yet with all of these proposals as to the funding source that's going to make available the millions and it may be a billion dollars that is needed to address crumbling pipes under our streets and to get the pumping capacity raised and other issues like that it is fair for us to ask since we're being put on the spot as regulators and we are not really regulators there the sewage and water bowl was created by the state of Louisiana and is governed by mostly state law it's fair for us to ask well if we were going to support something like this just say maybe in support of our great payers here what are you going to do to make money or to make money available for these projects that need to be done so that we can achieve efficiencies the political thought of a takeover the language the rhetoric that's being used it's not cited it's not satisfying a great concern what is going to change that makes resources available we've been asked as a city council to be in charge of whether or not we're going to increase rates or we're going to let them stay the same and obviously in the midst of all of the challenges we've done the things that our citizens have asked for keep rates stable until we get our situations together relative to building and stopping some of the flooding I think that the city council has done a job that is very honestly abuelment job in working with our citizens and staying in contact with them helping to resolve some of these issues the main thing that I want to say is the rhetoric relative to state takeover and not talking about the hundreds of millions of dollars that are needed for infrastructure has got to stop the city council is willing to meet with anyone who wants to talk to us about reasonable measures to enhance the sewage and water board but I hope that the media and our citizens will ask the questions of the state that need to be asked and count in arm the task force report it suggested measures of quote unquote takeover but there was a suggestion that there needs to be a look at ratepayers in terms of where the resources are going to come from to make these changes that have to be made keep those things in mind where is the money going to come from if there even were a takeover to get things like the substation done and the infrastructure work done that needs to be done councilmember Jerusalem just in 30 seconds to put layman's concept terms and translation on what you're saying you can put lipstick on a pig but you still can't make us believe it's Beyonce council member you want to come back after all right all right I'm gonna I'm gonna move on just the amendment oh I'm sorry you told me before we vote yes madam clerk we may make one little correction that was right in in the amendment number six on page five line 74 new line numbers delete the figure thirty nine million six hundred eighty six thousand seven eighty three and replace with thirty nine million six hundred eighty six thousand seven eighty four thank you madam clerk for that clarification I've moved seconded by councilmember green members please vote your machines I think I need one more we got five of it isn't what we have six people here but there's six I didn't come up so yeah okay councilmember green's yeah all right mr. Burnside wants to make a comment let him do that the only thing I want to stress is if anybody has any questions Kyle's here to answer them this capital budget is not only representative of what the administration wanted but all of our work collectively about needs that people presented in their districts and so I want to thank each of my colleagues to my right and I got that right this time council member of morale I know my right from my left that who really worked hard to make sure that they asked for specific items for their districts and that those items are about to be included what we're going to vote on mr. Burnside I have a strange request councilperson Thomas may have one minute of personal privilege to talk about sewage and water board before I start talking about a actual calendar number thirty four six one two you know you know we got nine council members you're the eighth I'll give you anything you need thank you very much sir I won't ask you the ninth is for one minute on sewage and water board I want to mention a couple things one of which is I agree with councilman Thomas with regards to the water systems throughout the state there was a newspaper article several years ago pointing out that the entire state is full of particularly small towns that just don't have functioning water systems anymore and we won't mention Jackson Mississippi because it's not in Louisiana next I want to mention that I actually find myself in agreement with councilman green the idea that we're going to fix this requires us to discuss publicly revenue streams where is it going to come from who's going to pay for it and how does that look I know that puts me in a very embarrassing position I'm going to turn red here in a moment as far as the rest of it I'm a little more evil than you are I believe in the Chinese curse if you have an enemy give him what he asked for so I think that shoes up my one minute on the sewage and water board as far as calendar number thirty four six one two so I'm going to rely on my memory which is probably going to embarrass me but I did read this a while ago and if I remember correctly which I may not and can be corrected it's shifting around like a hundred and nine million dollars plus or minus you know ten million here or there which really makes my life difficult because I tried to follow kind of sort of like where the money goes because allegedly the money matters and it would be really good at some point if the council would yes the administration for an end of year budget spent report so at the very beginning of the year we go through the politics and the anguish of figuring out a budget and people come in here and get depressed because they did not get money for their favorite whatever and then they go home and they cry and then in the midst of the year there's all kinds of budget reasons to change things sometimes we get more revenue than we thought sometimes we get less revenue than we thought sometimes we have to buy a substation whatever but stuff changes and sometimes it changes significantly so it would be really good to have an end of your report which the city does generate an end of your report for the state legislative auditor in which I do read but it's in a completely different format where everything's done by fund number instead of by department budget and so it's more and more difficult for me to keep track of what the hell is going on when you got a hundred nine million dollars being shifted left and right and then an eight million dollars tossed in for a substation like it doesn't matter because some people only get an eight million dollar budget and we come back to scrounging under couches to find funding for Nord and since I don't own a couch there's no money there thank you very much thank you mr. bernside all right I've moved for approval seconded by councilmember King six years noon days we're now gonna go to the bottom of page thank you call on its calendar number 34,000 616 by council members Russo Moreno Morell Harris and Thomas and ordinance to codify the city's net 30 obligation to its vendors and contractors for the payment of all undisputed amounts within 30 days of receipt of a valid invoice to amend and reordained section 2-551 of the city code to require city departments to appear before council to discuss the reports detailing all outstanding vendor invoices required therein and otherwise to provide with respect there too thank you madam clerk I just want to thank council members Moreno Morell Harris and Thomas for co-sponsoring this all this is making the department who is responsible for paying a vendor come to the next council meeting if that vendor has not been paid within 30 days I think we're all tired of hearing about vendors not being timely paid our vendors are our partners and I want to make sure that we're treating them like our partners and I view this as a way to make that happen so I'm gonna move for approval seconded by council member Harris council member Jerusalem I don't know I'm I don't know if I missed that one but I would certainly like to sponsor well why don't we put everybody on here unless there's any of I don't know if there was something to know that it's it's we're happy to have you thank you all seven yeas no nays thank you we're now going to go to the regular order of the agenda on page 16 we have a legislative group in HDLC appeal of Ron Lorsell governmental affairs lead consultant Zach Smith consultant and design requesting to appeal the historic district land most commissions HDLC decision of denial of the application for demolition of the building by raising the building for located building located at 1517 Broadway Street and on top of page 17 is the motion m24 127 by councilmember Jerusalem granting the applicants request for demolition for the property located at 1517 Broadway Street thank you miss Burke thank you 1517 Broadway is an intact craftsman style raised basement located in the uptown partial control demolition only local historic district the area is known for its handsome cohesive assemblage of craftsman style bungalows raised basement bungalows and Mediterranean revival style duplexes the construction of an additional ground store ground floor story distorts the perception of the historic building type while creating an anomalous acronistic building that is neither this nor that doing so ultimately permanently dilutes and destroys the authenticity and integrity of the district specifically and ultimately the city at large FEMA funding allows for the applicant to abandon the ground floor to its original uses flood protection and construction of additions to recoup the about abandoned square footage HDLC recommends this path as it follows for the goals of both sustainability and historic preservation if the building is to be elevated HDLC recommends that the ground floor continue to be treated architecturally as a basement story in order for it to maintain the style and character of a raised basement craftsman bungalow floor to ceiling hike could be reduced from nine feet high to eight feet high and the ground floor entrance store relocated from the front elevation this would result in a design that retains the character and quality of the historic district at their meeting of February 7th 2024 the Commission reviewed the proposal as the applicant was uninterested in revising the proposal or working with the Commission unanimously to deny the application thank you very much before I get to my comments I have to comment cards here but I think they were related to the consent agenda but let me just call the names really quickly Joshua Tannenbaum not here her key Murad also not here mr. Smith good afternoon Council Zach Smith on behalf of the owner 1000 South Norman C Francis I really appreciate your support today this is a project utilizing state and federal grant monies to elevate properties and make our city more resilient this property owner specifically has been impacted with repeated flooding over the last couple of years so we really appreciate your support today thank you thank you very much as mr. Smith just alluded to I understand that there are historic guidelines but we live in a place where there is climate change and flooding and I would note that not three blocks away from here we're getting inundated sorry for the pun about people's complaints with flooding and so these owners are requesting to elevate the property pursuant to a FEMA flood grant feel like that puts us in a very difficult position when somebody says they are flooding you have federal funds available to help them avoid flooding and then to say no we're not going to grant you the ability to raise your house even though you file a federal mandated process and are getting money from the federal government to help deal with with a real crisis this is also a homestead exempt property the project has support from direct neighbors no oppositions the owners have agreed to a deed restriction as well against short-term rentals with that I've moved for approval of m 24 127 to grant the appeal second by councilmember Harris six days there nice thank you at the bottom of the page we have a legislative group and hdlc appeal of Alvin C Meister the third law office of sheer gardener cake hill richter Klein and Hilbert LLC requesting to appeal the historic district landmarks Commission decision of denial of the application for demolition of a contributing rated raised bait Smith to family building to grave for property located at 2502 Jefferson Avenue we have motion m 24 128 by councilmember Jerusalem granted the applicants request for demolition for property located at 2502 Jefferson Avenue thank you madam clerk miss Burke FEMA survey research indicates the original raised basement cottage was constructed from 1920 to 1930 however it first appears on the first on the 1951 fire insurance map at some point in the 20th century the front porch was enclosed as evidenced by the remaining craftsmen style rafter tales at the ridge line 2502 Jefferson Avenue is a book end of an entirely intact block of raised cottages that are indicative of the era in which they were constructed hdlc staff conducted interior and exterior inspection and found the building to be in fair condition foundation settlement is common for a building of this age and style though the condition should be addressed through shoring and leveling it does not appear to be an imminent hazard given that fair condition of this building envelope rehabilitating it is certainly feasible for the or form mentioned reasons staff recommended denial of demolition to grade this building could easily restore to its original appearance that includes a generous front porch and stair at their meeting of February 7th 2024 Commission voted unanimously to deny the demolition of the entire building thank you all right we do have several comment cards here and I thank you all for your patience miss Johnson is in opposition do you want to speak Susan Johnson 2822 LaPage Street historic New Orleans neighborhoods I'm not paid to be here this appeal should be denied not granted developer Blue Orleans claims deterioration as the reason for demolition and he's owned the house himself for 11 years on the other hand hdlc inspectors say subsidence is just normal are we really supposed to believe that the problem is worse than it is and therefore worthy of demolition and then forgive him for not maintaining it himself the house himself and then give him a prize by letting him tear it down all of this makes no sense and must be wrong blue Orleans does not apply for work permits look at their other properties doesn't hasn't applied for work permits in 11 years of ownership at 2502 Jefferson not at 2724 valance which he's just sold not at 2720 valance now on the market as a brand new renovation no work permits no city inspection no certificate of occupancy for any of these buildings safety and permits in addition safety and permits confirmed by email that the owner's commercial property at 49 17 for at has no CEO that they can document 30 seconds why don't these violations with their potential safety concerns have a bearing on your decision you can't blame code enforcement safety and permits for not enforcing the rules and then you just give these people a pass it doesn't make sense it's happening as attendance as a tendency and I'm putting it on the record I oppose this overturning of the hdlc decision to peel yet again thank you miss Johnson all right Mary Colin hi thanks for having me I've known Michael for a long time through the process of him banks real estate and I wanted to emphasize that he's contributed tremendously to the threat neighborhood he was one of the first people that went in there and bought property renovated it held it for rentals so to maintain you know housing in the area for the locals also a lot of what he's done has also created revitalization of threat Street itself it's a now it's a commercially vibrant area completely different than it was 12 years ago let's see I think his idea to demo 2502 Jefferson makes sense I've been inside the house I've seen the the slab and I think the highest and best use of that property would to be build a new house and his intent is to make it architecturally relevant with you know more efficient use and mechanics mechanic sorry so basically that's what I wanted to emphasize is that he's very committed to the community he has done a lot of renovations and held on to them he went into the Irish Channel back in 2010 and and you know renovated some houses in there where there was nothing going on let's see so I say I am for this permit thank you very much thank you all right I'm going to butcher your name is it only yes I know of vintage I apologize in advance please please correct me on how to say your name Alessia Janovich there you go thank you honorable counsel I'm here in favor Michael of Blor leans who is a builder who helped it developed and elevate the for retin Jefferson neighborhoods in full respect to preservation of the beautiful New Orleans traditional architecture it's bribing bribing and color and energy for over 15 years helping these neighborhoods become a staple that it is I live in one of the homes that he has built on 49 16 South Robertson and my neighbors live across the street I live with my little daughter five years old and she plays with the girl across the street and we enjoy the homes he has built he's built them safe he's building with quality and their efficient homes while they look and feel like beautiful traditional elegant New Orleans homes so I'm not bothered by constant renovation and upgrade expenses leaks and damages instead of budgeting for annual repairs on the home I can budget for my daughter experience education and bettering her future while we better the future of the neighborhood that we all live live in I hope the new home will elevate the neighborhood even more becomes a safe haven for a family that can enjoy it while living in a constantly elevated and safe neighborhood thank you for the opportunity to share in good spirits and helping the neighborhood elevate only adding to a staple that New Orleans is today thank you thank you very much Mark Thomas good afternoon council members my name is Mark Thomas I am a former professor of architecture at the School of Architecture at Tulane and I'm also a landscape architect I live in one of the houses that Michael built it's very fine quality the attention to detail is amazing and I happen to know Michael personally from having been his professor at Tulane and I think that Michael is a person that is a rare person who really does want to do the right thing I've seen him spend money that he didn't need to spend to do the right thing in so many cases and I believe that in this case the house is not of any great art listen this I'm a preservationist okay I don't believe in tearing down buildings unless they have to be torn down this doesn't have to be torn down but it should be torn down because it's going to be replaced with a fine piece of architecture that the city of New Orleans will be proud of and let me tell you just because the building is there it doesn't mean that it's always feasible to renovate just because the the the HDLC whom I used to advise by the way when I worked for the Planning Commission in the 80s we used to I mean they used to just deny demolitions for for for for what am I trying to say here for situations that probably didn't deserve it in this case I do believe that this stimulation will be for the better of the neighborhood I live in the neighborhood I live three blocks from here the neighborhood has been transformed over the last five or six or seven years from empty and derelict houses to houses that are renovated many of which Michael has done so I urge you to consider the the overturn of the HDLC's recommendation for for denial of the demolition so thank you very much thank you and then we'll end with me be good afternoon Alvin Meester 909 poidress an attorney with share Garner and I'm representing the owner I urge you to grant this appeal the building that we're looking at the historic integrity of it has been significantly altered over the years over the last hundred years there have been many changes it's no longer historically significant in order to renovate it it's not feasible not economical however if we build a new building we'll build a building that is more in tune with the neighborhood code compliant energy efficient and safe also the what the owner is planning to do is it's going to be a building for single-family residential for sale so I urge you to support this appeal thank you thank you very much all right mr. Burnside like or agrinside 2215 Felicity I would suggest that Michael look at the 1600 block of Reverend John Raphael jr. way there are two houses there that are in much worse shape than that and perhaps he could renovate them and make money it's unfortunate when good people do bad things because obviously you look at good people and you go well you're good people you know your family members your church members your people that I went to school with your good people so we let it you get away with bad stuff because why else would we not right we don't hold family members accountable my neighborhood suffers heroin addicts it suffers heroin addicts that are family members a gentleman whose street name is ducky has a mother lives nearby she collects a disability check duckies on the street but he's not homeless he goes home at night he leaves home well washed and in clean clothes he doesn't stay that way so how do you hold good people accountable for bad actions Susan Johnson did her research she went back and she said hey we're a city that says you're supposed to do a person didn't do a we're a city that's supposed to do be didn't do be didn't do see that he may be an incredibly good human being who does really good work and he may find the city very frustrating to interact with and he may have good witness as to why he did not follow the rules but nonetheless he didn't follow them because Susan Johnson's a competent human being and she's not a liar and she stood here and told you this man broke the rules so we are in a city where either breaking rules has consequences or it doesn't thank you all right I've moved for approval let me just say it's important to note that as this house stands it's an amalgamation of many different historical elements there is no single identified feature there are very few left historical details on this house this was not a unanimous vote at HCLC with commissioners Lupin and Bressler moving to allow the demolition the owner as I did the last one will remain a single-family home with a deed restriction or short-term rentals and you've heard all of the people in support so I move for approval we have a second second by councilmember Harris five yays no nays thank you council members we're now going to go to page 29 we have a legislative group and zoning docket 2524 top cap enterprises LLC requesting an amendment to ordinance number nineteen thousand seven sixty one MCS zoning docket 4600 4600 to permit the expansion of an existing board with live entertainment secondary use and an HMC one historic marinade to me by water commercial district and an AC one arts and cultural diversity overlay district located on square 153 lot a in the third municipal district bounded by Frenchman Street charter Street Royer Street and Legion fields Avenue municipal address six 21 through six twenty three Frenchman Street the recommendation of the city planning Commission being for approval subject to eight provisos we have motion m24 131 by councilmember King approving the applicant's request on zoning docket number 2524 for the property located at 621 through 623 Frenchman Street subject to a provisos and a clerk CPC the four is a application affecting the spotted cat on 621 Frenchman Street to allow it to expand it's currently governed by an approval dating to 2000 that allowed the bar but limited it only to the structures first floor the current proposal is to demolish a two story apartment at the rear of the site and conduct or rather construct in addition to expand the bar it would result in new ground level courtyard space repurposing of existing second floor storage space and to seating space and the addition of new back of house space the proposal is generally consistent with the role of the Frenchman Street arts and culture overlay district which seeks to support and entertainment uses at the Planning Commission meeting there were several speakers in support and not in the opposition so the Planning Commission recommends approval thank you thank you mr. crow we have two cards that are in support mr. Chris young and mr. bill of the spider cat do you have any online comments we have one online comment this is from kip holler with the barber of mariny Improvement Association he says FMIA is in support of approving the applicants request and zoning docket 25 24 for the property located at 621 23 Frenchman Street subject to the provides us the following modifications provides a one shall be changed to increase the required amount of contract off-street parking to 12 parking spaces to serve the use 10 spaces were provided for in the original conditional use in 2000 with the expansion of the footprint of the building it's only natural that the amount of required parking be increased as well provides a seven should be changed from quote the bar shall operate across the full footprint of the site and go to instead read the bar shall be permitted to operate across the full footprint of the site the current language suggests a requirement for the bar to operate across the full footprint instead of granting permission for them to be able to do so should they so choose that's it thank you at this time make a motion to adopt second by councilmember morel six days nope seven years no nays thank you we're now going back to page 18 we have a legislative group and the hdlc appeal of 27 newcomb Boulevard has been withdrawn for the applicants request we have motion m24 129 has been withdrawn so we're we're now on top of page 19 the hdlc appeal of 2430 not rampart Street has been deferred to April 18th at the bottom of the page a legislative group and the hdlc appeal of David O'Reilly requesting to appeal the historic district Landmark Commission's decision of denial of the application for retention of the fence and gate at the front of the building for property located at 518 South rampart Street motion m24 123 by councilmember Harris approving the applicants request for the property located at 518 South rampart Street Eleanor will you brief us on the hdlc report the violation for the installation of the gate and fence at the front of the building was first cited in January of 2016 and a permit was applied for to correct those violations in April of 2017 however that permit expired due to inactivity and the fencing gate were never removed they do not meet the hdlc guidelines as they specifically state we do not permit fencing located on porches dupes or stairs further the fencing is a contextual to the building and antithetical to its original design this building was originally a bank that would have had been open to the public and installing fencing between the columns creates an unwelcoming defensive condition because of these reasons staff recommended denial of the application at their meeting of March 6th 2024 CBD hdlc voted unanimously to deny the application to retain the fencing in gate installed without a certificate of appropriateness thank you Eleanor I'm sorry this is not a good day for you but I'm going to ever rule you this fence has been in place for nearly a hundred years and why understand it does not follow the hdlc guidelines it is preventing the family from many problems and issues that they've been experiencing before the fence was installed so is there any online or public comment all right I'm gonna move I need a second second of my council member green six shades thank you and now on top of page 20 a legislative group in University area off-street parking interim zoning district appeal of Zachary Smith owner Zach Smith's consultant and design requesting to appeal the university area off-street parking interim zoning district for property located at 27 Newcomb Boulevard we have motion m24 139 by councilmember Jerusalem granted and approving the applicant's requests for property located at 27 Newcomb Boulevard move for approval second by councilmember King six days no days thank you we're now on top of page 21 zoning docket 224 has been deferred to April 18th on top of page 22 zoning docket 1224 has been deferred to April 18th on top of page 23 zoning docket 1524 has been deferred to April 18 zoning docket 1924 has been deferred to April 18 on top of page 24 zoning docket 48 zoning docket 2024 has been deferred to April 18th on page 25 the legislative group in all matters zoning docket 2124 has been deferred to April 18 motion line over m24 115 has been deferred to April 18 motion m24 122 has been deferred to April 18th we're now on top of page 27 zoning docket 2224 has been deferred to April 18 we're now on top of page 28 we have leveraged later group in zoning docket 2424 industrial development broad South Market District LLC requesting an amendment to ordinance number 25,025 zoning docket 77 12 to now grant a conditional use to permit a wireless telecommunication for telecommunications facility in a CBD 5 urban core neighborhood lower intensity mixed use district located on square 258 lot B in the first municipal district bounded by O'Keefe Avenue and Gerard Lafayette and Barone streets municipal addresses 3939 Gerard Street the recommendation of the city planning commission being for approval subject to two provisals we have motion m24 133 by councilmember Harris motion approving the favorable recommendation of approval subject to two provisals by the city planning commission for zoning docket 2424 is hereby granted thank you Stephen do you have any comment very quickly this is zoning as approval for this is simply required because of the aesthetic impact that HCLC is ARC has actually recommended this approach so no aesthetic impact and therefore planning Commission supports it okay I'm moving for approval I just need a second I can have my councilmember Jerry so five years six days six days thank you we're now on top of page 30 zoning docket 26 24 has been deferred to April 18 on page 31 all matters zoning docket 24 27 24 has been deferred to April 18 motion m24 134 has been deferred to April 18 on top of page 32 legislative grouping zoning docket 28 24 TB system properties LLC requesting a conditional use to permit the expansion of a car wash in a seat to auto oriented commercial district located on the entirety of square 513 in the first municipal district bounded by Earhart Boulevard Calio Street Clio Street and South rendering Street municipal address 4417 Earhart Boulevard the recommendation of the city planning commission being for approval subject to two provisals we have motion m24 136 by councilmember Harris motion approving the favorable recommendation of approval subject to two provisals by the city planning commission for zoning docket 28 24 is hereby granted with the following modification removal of provisals to II regarding requirement of or men oriental or mental Steven can you break us sure very quickly this is simply the addition of four vacuum spaces to an existing car wash on Earhart Boulevard the car washes in the zoning district that's really explicitly oriented towards vehicular uses and so obviously car wash is consistent with that in this minor expansion is not problematic no concerns or opposition expressed to the planning commission so approval recommendation great thank you I'm gonna go ahead and move to approve seconded by councilmember dreuso Oh Zach do you do you really want to say something okay 33 or this calendar number 34,277 has been deferred to April 18th on top of page 34 all matters the legislative group and art is calendar number 34,385 has been deferred to April 18 motion line over m23 4426 has been deferred to April 18th on top of page 35 motion line over m23 427 has been deferred to April 18th we're now on top of page 37 we have art this calendar number 34,597 by councilmember dreuso by request and art is to ratify the execution and delivery by the New Orleans Municipal Yacht Harbor Corporation of a new boat house lease form to be used between the New Orleans Municipal Yacht Harbor Management Corporation and less sees of boat house slip 31 and boat house slip 127 the subject boat house properties as exhibit a the bh 127 31 lease form and otherwise to provide with respect there too thank you mr. Burnside so plus or my six months ago the good councilperson invited me to his budget committee hearings and wore me out completely and I was exhausted at the end of them and I may never do that again but in the process I managed to get all kinds of information that I've kept and sifted and one of which of course was the budget for the municipal yard harbor and the numbers don't add up so you're missing plus or minus 150 K and be happy to talk to you about it thank you all right I'll move for approval on this item second by councilmember King six more six days there nice thank you at the bottom of the page we have art this calendar number 34,000 604 by councilmember green by request and ordinance to approve and authorize the mayor of the city of New Orleans acting by and through the New Orleans aviation board to enter into a lease agreement at Lewis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport with GAT airline ground support Inc and otherwise to provide with respect to have two council members and the member members of the general public the New Orleans City Council is authorized to approve certain contracts at the New Orleans aviation board and the board has approved a five-year lease agreement with GAT airline ground support to lease 3255 square feet of unconditioned covered space within the apron level west terminal baggage makeup area at the Louis Armstrong International Airport they will use the space for the purposes of maintenance of the ground services equipment the fair market monthly rental rate is two thousand two hundred twenty nine dollars a month or yearly rate of twenty six thousand seven hundred and fifty six dollars there will be an annual consumer price index adjustment and is subject to the lease is subject to a 30-day cancellation notice by either member with or without cause I just like to summarize for the public who's watching or goes back to see it the terms members are last for approval is there a second seconded by councilmember Jerusalem members please vote your machine thank you for your support of 34 604 seven days no days we're now on top of page 39 all matters ordinance calendar number thirty four thousand six twenty one has been deferred to April 18th and referred to the Government Affairs Committee we have art in this calendar number thirty four thousand six twenty two has been deferred to April 18 and referred to the Budget Committee on top of page 40 you have art in this calendar number thirty four thousand six twenty three has been deferred to April 18th and referred to the Budget Committee on page 41 all matters Gibbs calendar number thirty four thousand six twenty four has been deferred to April 18 and refer Corp the Budget Committee order this calendar number thirty four thousand six twenty five has been deferred to April 18th and referred to the Budget Committee on top of page 42 average television number thirty four thousand six twenty six has been deferred to April 18 and refer to the Budget Committee on top of the page 43 or this calendar number 34,000 627 has been deferred to April 18 and referred to the budget committee on top of page 44 or it is calendar number 34,000 628 by councilmember Harris by request and ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of New Orleans to enter into our first amendment to a cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of New Orleans and total community action ink with total compensation exceeding a million dollars for the public purpose of supporting the city's effort to address the needs of homeless individuals and families and to maintain ongoing operation of the low barrier shelter in the city of New Orleans as more fully detailed in the first amendment to the cooperative endeavor agreement as exhibit A and otherwise to provide with respect there too. Thank you madam clerk in January TCA became the fiscal agent for the city of New Orleans low barrier shelter. TCA is solely responsible for ensuring that payroll and vendors are paid timely during the transition period for the new operator of the low barrier shelter. The agreement was originally for four months but this amendment is to extend the duration of that agreement until May 30th 2024 and to provide an additional 350k to cover expenses for the month of May. The new operator has been identified and will start on June 1st 2024. Are there any questions comments? I'll move second by council member King. Six days thank you seven years. At the bottom of the page we have ordinance calendar number 34,629 by council members King Green and Thomas by request. An ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of New Orleans to enter into a cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of New Orleans and the French market corporation for the design and construction of improvements to the upper pantaba building including the repair and replacement of the HVAC system related electrical and mechanical systems courtyards windows facades and other exterior and interior repairs as set forth as exhibit A and otherwise to provide with respect there too. So if my memory is true we're going to spend eight million bucks the newspaper said 10 million bucks fixing up the upper pantaba low it's the 64 units we can all do the math if we want to but we also spend eight million dollars today on the uh sewage and water board and we could spend 10 million dollars if we found or eight million dollars if we found it under a couch but apparently that's not going to happen at this second. So money comes money goes but the bottom line is what do we get in exchange and the question becomes do we value what we get in exchange and I for one do not value owning the upper pantabolo because it is not for poor people it is not subsidizing people to stay off the street it is for rich people to come into the city and enjoy the city and depart the city and as such they should own the building and they should pay taxes on it and they should pay for the maintenance and they should pay to take care of it and I shouldn't have to be involved in it and I shouldn't have to care if the mayor's there or not this thing is intruded into the public sphere and quite frankly it should be excluded from the public sphere and sent off to the private sphere and it should be owned by some nice private corporation that will maximize its return on its investment and maybe make a small donation to some homeless fund or something. Thank you. I think the motion is so adopted second by Councilman Jerusalem. Six days. We're waiting on uh seven. Is this a TCA motion because if we voted on a TCA motion early I was supposed to recuse myself but it's been counted. But we are a council member then we're going to have to go back and yeah I'm a board member. I have to recuse myself. Okay. Please sorry about that. Oh at the top of the page on page 44 at the top we need to reconsider the vote please. I'll move to reconsider. All right. And now we we need to vote on it. I'll move. Seconded by Council Burrell. Six days and one recusal uh two recusals. I'm on one of those. For the record my vote is because of uh my board members are a vote to recuse rather. And so it's council member King. We're now on top of page 45. I'm a member of the board as well. I feel like it's all by legal. We have motion line over M-225-16 has been deferred to May 16th. At the bottom of the page we have resolution line over R-2495 has been deferred to April 18th. On top of page 46 we have motion M-24-121 has been deferred to April 18th and referred to the governmental affairs committee. We have resolution R-24-125 by council member Moreno ratifying and approving the regulations for the procurement set aside program within the equitable business opportunities program. The regulations exhibit a and a court is with section two dash one thousand of the code of the city of New Orleans. Thank you Madam Clerk. Just a quick reminder to everyone that this is a result of an act by uh Delisha Boyd a piece of legislation signed by the governor in June of 2023 that allows the city to set aside up to 25 percent of its city contracts for socially and economically disadvantaged business enterprises. It took us a while to get the regulations right on the local level but now we've been able to do so and so that is what this particular item does. So I move to adopt. We have one online. I'm sorry I need to go ahead. Okay this is from Stephen Kennedy representing the collaborative. He says I'm writing today to express our support for this resolution put before the council today over the last couple of years the collaborative have worked with representative Delisha Boyd in the New Orleans City Council and Mayor Cantrell's administration on the set aside bill passed in the legislative session of 2023. I'm often reminded about a Bismarck who stated that laws and policies are like sausages you never want to see them get made. However this sausage making process can have great benefits and impact on our city and the small business community. For many of our minority owned businesses government procurement opportunities are their only option for economic growth because of the limited procurement opportunities in the private sector. This council knows that I'm extremely passionate about minority business opportunities because what I know is that economic opportunities can be a tool in the toolbox that lifts communities out of proper poverty and I want you all to think for one minute if only we can help grow the revenue of small business small businesses that will allow them to hire more people along with creating additional economic activity while generating tax revenue for local government. We provided input on these proposed rules and we look forward to working with the council and the administration to ensure its success peace and blessings. All right thanks Anita I'll make a motion oh I've already moved it's been seconded by Vice President Morrell seven yays no nays. But now on top of page 47 all matters motion M-24-130 has been deferred to April 18 and referred to the economic development committee. Motion M-24-132 has been deferred to April 18 and referred to the criminal justice committee. On top of page 48 motion M-24-135 has been withdrawn. At the bottom of the page resolution R-24-137 by council members Moreno, Morrell, Harris, Green and Thomas. A resolution and order clarifying community solar rules docket number UD 1803 and there is an amendment by council member Moreno. Number one on page four in the bid resolve paragraph on the second line after the word options insert the following and the CSG dash four form. Number two on page four delete the first bid further resolve paragraph in its entirety that is the amendment. Thank you Madam Clerk I'll move on the amendment. Second by council member Morrell. All right so what we're doing here is we needed to make some final decisions on the qualification criteria and tariff design for for community solar. We're in the final stages of doing this so what we're doing is we're allowing for an additional 30-day comment period and also allowing for additional comment opportunities. That's what this does. Take a motion to adopt. Second by council member Morrell. Seven yeas no nays. We're now on page 49. We have motion M-24-138 by council member Harris. This has been deferred to April 18th and referred to the economic development committee. We have motion M-24-140 by council member Thomas by request adding the president of the council as a signal towards to the contract between the city of New Orleans and disability rights Louisiana and authorizing the president of council to sign the contract between the city of New Orleans and disability rights Louisiana exhibit a council members we need to suspend the rules to receive this motion. This is listed as a deferral on my uh yeah yeah yeah okay yeah but we still have to receive it and add it to the agenda in order to defer okay all right thank you thank you madam but as long as it's not a conspiracy all right seven yeas no nays it's received and now we need to add it I move to add second by council well council member giuruso moves council member merino seconds we need one five six keep counting six votes seven it's added now council member you're deferring it to the April 18th meeting yes ma'am okay council president this is a great time for ordinances on first reading sounds good uh council member green would you like to suspend the rules suspend the rules that we move to the ordinances on first reading all right all in favor aye aye ordinance on first reading ordinance calendar number 34,630 by council member green by request an ordinance to approve and authorize the mayor of the city of new Orleans acting by and through the new Orleans aviation board to enter into a lease agreement at the Lewis Armstrong new Orleans international airport with united parcel servicing and otherwise to provide respects thereto ordinance calendar number 34,631 by council member green by request an ordinance to approve and authorize the mayor of the city of new Orleans acting by and through the new Orleans aviation board sent into a non-signatory airline lease agreement with brief aviation group in a non-signatory airline operating at the Lewis Armstrong new Orleans international airport under circumstances in which a solicitation and selection process is not required by law and otherwise supervise respects thereto ordinance calendar number 34,632 by council member harris by request an ordinance to amend and reordain article 17 of chapter 30 of the code of the city of new Orleans to institute a daily fine for the failure of a residential facility as defined in section 30 there is 1281 to provide situational updates to the new Orleans health department during a declared emergency and otherwise to provide respect thereto ordinance calendar number 34,633 by council member green by request an ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into amendment and restate a cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of new Orleans and the Orleans fair school board for the design and construction of improvement of improvements to the willy hall playground that will provide recreational activities and floodwater mitigation to the same bernard community by improving recreation facilities stormwater mitigations and disaster resilient projects on the same bernard neighborhood campus in the willy hall playground as set forth in the form attached to is exhibit eight and made part here of and otherwise to provide respect thereto ordinance calendar number 34,634 by council member king by request an ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into an agreement to grant a servitude to an adjacent property owner for encrutments on over portions of public right away located at the municipal address 1451 north rampart street to fix the minimum price and in terms of state servitude agreements to declare that such use is granted in the servitude agreement will incorporate space that is neither needed for public purpose nor shall such interfere with the use of the public right away to set forth the reasons for a servitude agreement and otherwise to provide respect thereto ordinance calendar number 34,635 by council members thomas thomas and green an ordinance to rename hayne boulevard from paris road to the industrial canal and from the industrial canal to suno drive suno night's drive formerly press drive the link can be boulevard and otherwise to provide respect thereto ordinance calendar number 34,636 by council member green by request an ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into a cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of new Orleans to design group LLC in the safe streets research and consulting LLC for a term of two years for the public purpose of developing enhancements to a safer street priority finder as part of the city of new Orleans safe street and roads for all program awards as more fully detailed in the cooperative endeavor agreement form attached here to his exhibit and otherwise to provide respect thereto on this calendar number 34,637 by council members jerusalem marano green and thomas by request an ordinance to amend ordinance number 29 735 mcs as amended in title and ordinance providing operating budget of revenues for the city of new Orleans for the year 2024 to appropriate unspent funds in the fiscal year 2023 to the law department to pay judgments and otherwise to provide respect thereto ordinance calendar number 34,638 by council members jerusalem marano green and thomas by request an ordinance to amend ordinance number 29 736 mcs as amended in title and ordinance providing an operating budget of expenditures for the city of new Orleans for the year 2024 to appropriate unspent funds in the fiscal year 2023 to the law department to pay judgments and otherwise to provide respect thereto on this calendar number 34,639 by council members jerusalem green by request an ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into amendment number one to cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of new Orleans and total community action in to extend the term for an additional seven months to increase the funding for the public purpose of finding the reasonable moving expenses for the relocation of garden fly as a residence to allow the city to construct a solar foam on saved property as more fully detailed in amendment number one to the cooperative endeavor agreement form attached here to his exhibit a and otherwise to provide respect thereto on this calendar number 34,640 by council member harris by request an ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into an agreement to grant a servitude to an adjacent property owner for encroachments over on and over portions of the public right away located at the municipal address 1501 choppatoolah street to fix the minimum price in terms of state servitude agreement to declare that such use as granted in the servitude agreement will incorporate faith that is neither needed for public purposes nor shells such use interfere with the use of public right away to set forth the reasons for a servitude agreement and otherwise to provide respect thereto on this calendar number 34,641 by council member harris by request to author an ordinance sought for the authorize the mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into an agreement to grant a servitude to an adjacent property owner of encroachments on and over portions of public right away located at the municipal address 601 a street to fix the minimum price in terms of the servitude agreement to declare that such use as granted in the servitude agreement will incorporate faith that is neither needed for public purpose nor shall use interfere with the use of public right away to set forth the reasons for a servitude agreement and otherwise to provide respect thereto on this calendar number 34,642 by council member thomas by request an ordinance to amend and reordain on this calendar number 34,433 number 29 739 mcs as adopted by the city council on December 1st, 2023, relative to the levy of fees on property located in special security and improvement types and districts in the city of new Orleans for the year 2024 to establish the correct maximum amount or correct set amount for the fees levied for the lake forest state improvement district samurai subdivision improvement district swinbrook security district to level the correct fees for east over neighborhood improvement and security district and to reference accurate and even legislation as amended for lake shore crime prevention district lake oak subdivision improvement district and delegate security and improvement district and otherwise to provide respect thereto on this calendar number 34,633 by council member thomas by request an honest authorizer mayor the city of new Orleans 22 into amendment number two to a previously executed cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of new Orleans and capital area corporate recycling council relative to the value public purpose for providing electronic waste removal and recycling services reducing dumping fees reducing electronic waste and landfills and providing greater access to technology to modify the provisions thereof and to extend the term thereof for one year into real firm maximum aggregated amount of compensation of zero dollars as more fullest at fourth in amendment number two form attached here too is exhibit one it may part here of otherwise for various respects there too on this calendar number 34,644 by councilmember harris an ordinance to affect the zoning change from an ec educational campus district to a c3 heavy commercial district and an amendment to the text of the comprehensive zoning ordinance to exempt the ec enhancement corridor design overlay district and the hu c historic urban corridor use restriction overlay district the property located on square 772 a portion of light x proposed to be subdivided into light x1 as depicted on the lame old survey in survey dating january 10 2024 in the first municipal district bounded by south carotene avenue for meadows three short street in the interstate ten municipal address 3801 south carotene avenue and otherwise to provide respect there too zoning back in 924 on the calendar number 34,645 by councilmember harris by request an ordinance authorizing mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into agreement to grant a servitude to the adjacent property owner of encrutments on an over portion of a public right away located at the municipal address 1718 irado street to fix the minimum price of in terms of state servitude agreement to declare that such use is granted and a servitude agreement will incorporate space that is needed needed for public purpose nor shall use interfere with the public right away to set forth the reasons for state servitude agreement and otherwise provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,646 by councilmember harris by request an ordinance authorizing mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into an agreement to grant a servitude to an adjacent property owner for encrutments on the over portions of the public right away located at the municipal address 2515 canal street to fix the minimum price in terms of state servitude agreement to declare that such use is granted and the servitude agreement will incorporate space that is neither needed for public purpose nor shall use interfere with the public right away to set forth reasons for state servitude agreement and otherwise provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,647 by councilmember harris by request an ordinance authorizing mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into an agreement to grant a servitude to an adjacent property owner for encrutments on the over portions of public right away located at the municipal address 709 choppatoolah street to fix the minimum price in terms of state servitude agreement to declare that such use is granted and a servitude agreement will incorporate space that is neither needed for public purpose nor shall such use interfere with the use of public right away to set forth the reasons for state servitude agreement and otherwise to provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,648 by councilmember king and ordinance to amend ordinance number 1976 mcs zoning docket 46 00 which granted a conditional use to permit a cocktail allowance to permit the expansion on an existing board with live entertainment secondary use in the hmc1 historic marinade from a by water commercial district in the ac1 awesome cultural diversity overlay district located on square 156 lie eight and a third municipal district bounded by frenchmen street charlotte street rosary and in elision fields avenue municipal address 621 623 frenchmen street and otherwise to provide respect there too zoning docket 2524 on this calendar number 34,649 by councilmember jerusalem by request an ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into an agreement to grant a servitude to an adjacent property owner for encrutment on the over portions of public right away locating a municipal address 45 22 homiress free to fix the minimum price in terms of state servitude agreement to declare that such use is granted in the servitude agreement will incorporate faith that is neither needed for needed for public purpose nor shall use interfere with the use of public right away to set forth reasons for state servitude agreement and otherwise to provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,650 by councilmember king by request an ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into amendment number one to a previously executed cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of new Orleans and gracefully mindful wellness institution relative to support children youth and families throughout the community development through community development economic development workforce development public health and public safety to to modify the provisions thereof and extend the term to december 31st 2025 as most police report and amendment number one in their form attached here to exhibit one it may report here of and otherwise to provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,651 by councilmember king by request an ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into amendment number one to a previously executed cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of new Orleans healthy blue Louisiana and new Orleans community support foundation relative to support children youth and youth and families through community development economic development workforce development public health and public safety to modify provisions thereof to extend the term thereof to december 31st 2026 as mostly fully set forth an amendment number one form attached here to exhibit one and may report here of and otherwise to provide respect there too on this calendar 34,652 by councilmember king by request an ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into an agreement to grant a servitude to an adjacent property owner for encrutments on the over portion of public right away located at the municipal address 24 to 44 Oliver street to fix the minimum price and in terms of state servitude agreement to declare that such use is granted in the servitude agreement will incorporate space that is neither needed for public purpose nor shall use interfere with the use of public right away to set forward reasons for say servitude agreement and otherwise to provide respect there too on this calendar number 34,653 by councilmember harris by request an ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into a cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of new Orleans the river district neighborhood investors the new Orleans exhibition hall author authority economic growth and development district the rd and i sub district with the district within the district and the rd in our municipal economic development district collectively referred to as the parties for a term greater than one year for the public purpose of creating large-scale multifacing mixed use economic development projects compress the 450 units of affordable and workforce rental housing including the infrastructure within the rd and i sub district necessary to support the housing contained in the massive development agreement market rate housing retail sports and entertainment venues office space and hotels public open space and significant projects reflecting the city's rich cultural heritage and history to encourage inclusive economic growth and economic mobility by creating new jobs revitalizing neighborhoods investing in people in the priority industry and creating systems to thrive and generally promote the economic development of the city of new Orleans as more fully detailed in the cea form attached to is exhibit one and otherwise for various particular to understand the number 34,654 by councilmember harris our request an ordinance to authorize the mayor of the city of new Orleans to enter into an agreement to grant a servitude to an adjacent property owner for encroachments on and over portions of public right away located at the municipal address 757 saint charles avenue to fix the minimum price in terms of state servitude to declare that such use is granted in the servitude agreement will incorporate space that is neither needed for public purpose nor shall such use interfere with the use of public right away to set forth the reasons for servitude agreement and otherwise to provide respect there too that includes ordinance on first reading Eugene your favorite motion all right it's been moved by councilmember green seconded by councilmember harris all in favor aye five yes no nays not of course madam clerk that's six yes you