 ready miss Pierce councilmember Morrell present councilmember Moreno present councilmember giuruso present we have a quorum councilmember Harris is also present thank you first up today we have a resolution regarding the gas distribution infrastructure sale this resolution is simply establishing a procedural schedule to evaluate the joint application of Delta States utilities and energy New Orleans request an authorization for Delta State to operate as a natural gas distribution company we have representatives from Delta stay here to present today just so everyone knows procedurally this resolution over the docket and establishes a procedural schedule to evaluate the application for those topics so Delta State representatives do you have folks to present today this is this is the nice table up front here where you guys get to sit you should probably get used to it this is where you'll sit whenever you come before you do alright good afternoon thank you guys so much for having us here we're really excited to get a chance to give a brief introduction of our company and why we're so excited about the opportunity here in New Orleans with Delta States utilities so it's a little bit about myself and our company my name is Julius Bedford I'm a managing director at burn our capital partners we are a Louisiana based middle market private equity firm that focuses on building companies that provide services to essential services to critical pieces of infrastructure and we do so from a very operational standpoint I say that because our real heritage is in our principles and their former lives as principles founder of the of the Shaw Group a large industrial services company that was built up to over six billion dollars global revenues before it sold to Chicago region iron in 2013 that DNA that more than 35 years of operating history is really informed our decisions and how we invest in companies and how we build companies and most importantly how those companies do work that benefits our communities that we work in and create positive lasting impacts so we've been very proud of the truck record tracker track record we've had in building communities in Louisiana specifically even more so specifically in Baton Rouge where my home office is based and about a year and a half ago we made a commitment to invest more expand our investments in New Orleans as well that's evidenced as well to kind of talk a little bit later in the stack by us having celebrated earlier last year a new headquarters for one of our portfolio companies United Utilities that's an opportunity for us to not only move closer to some of our clientele but also provide an opportunity to expand our commitment to Louisiana jobs bringing in 141 high-paying jobs to New Orleans on top of the more than 6,000 employees that we have here in Louisiana so just to speak to what's on the page here we've got 19 platform companies we developed those in part by making 67 acquisitions we have 19,000 employees across our entire portfolio direct employees so we see ourselves as job creators operators and community members and that's where we like to see and visualize our impact so on the slide here is just a representation of some of our Louisiana based portfolio companies I'll touch on just a couple of these before diving in a little more specifically in United Utility on the next slide towards the upper right epic this is a this was a greenfield investment for us it quite literally started with about a dozen people and apply the land in Livingston Parish and we've grown in that short amount of time epic to being the number one in market share for specialized manufacturing fabrication of piping in the US and we've done so by again investing in the communities in which we've located that's evidence in our investments in Louisiana in particular both in the Livingston Parish facility but also in the lake province facility that we were really proud to to bring jobs to those both those communities in Louisiana through epic I'll also mention here in the bottom left hand corner national water infrastructure this is our ascension parish based regulated wastewater utility nwis been in the business in the cinchon parish performing these services for nearly 30 years now and just this past summer we received a unanimous approval from the Louisiana Public Service Commission to go out and execute on a project to modernize and centralize and consolidate wastewater treatment infrastructure in the parish and in doing so removing roughly three and a half million gallons per day of effluent out of local and parrot waterways and making those waterways more accessible for recreational use creating those environmental benefits and you know lastly providing an enhancement to the backbone in the cinchon parish for further economic development so really proud of the work we've done in in both those and all the Louisiana based portfolio companies that are represented on this page here specific with United Utility as I mentioned we just moved that the headquarters United Utility to just an address down the street here at poyers earlier last year United Utility this is a this company that's been around for about seven years in that short amount of time we've built it up to be the fifth largest service provider for the for regulated utilities and the transmission and distribution space in the u.s. so again that was us taking a look at how can we provide the essential services they're going to go into the critical infrastructure that supports our communities we're happy to do so here based in Louisiana where we feel like the state has a very strong track record of being a leader in energy and innovation so we're really happy to serve through United Utility regulate utilities across the nation but we're especially proud to be able to do so from here in New Orleans so that's all we were going to give just as a brief introduction to Bernhard Capital partners I'd like to turn things over to my colleague Ryan King here to talk more in detail about the Delta States utilities opportunity good afternoon I'm Ryan King on behalf of Delta States Utilities I work with Julius and on this transaction I'm specifically more involved in the regulatory aspects to start off we we appreciate you allowing us to be here today to give kind of a brief background of our company as well as some a few details about the proposed transaction and we'll talk through a brief timeline of what we think this looks like moving forward so initially just overall summary of the transaction that's part of this proposal that's before you Delta States Utilities is proposing and has entered an agreement with Energy New Orleans to purchase their New Orleans gas system that portion is jurisdictional to the New Orleans Council and it represents service to approximately a hundred and ten thousand customers in New Orleans in a parallel transaction we're also proposing to purchase the Baton Rouge system from energy which is subject to the jurisdiction of the Public Service Commission so the matter before you today is that New Orleans piece it's the hundred and ten thousand customers in this service area we'll start with a few of the benefits of the transaction we are a brand new public utility company and we want to locate our headquarters in New Orleans for the entire Delta States Utilities enterprise and we're also going to add about a hundred jobs to take over the shared services portion that will be retained by energy in addition to those 100 jobs because we're a startup we need each of the energy employees working in gas distribution today to come on board for Delta States Utilities and so we've committed to offering employment to each and every one of those 200 energy employees that are currently operating these systems and that 100 jobs is what we need to take over the shared services some of those hires will be most of those hours will be prior to closing and we say a hundred jobs but we as Julius showed earlier we intend and are committed to continue to investing in this utility company and our growth of this company and we expect that 100 of jobs to grow into the future one differentiator with our with Delta States Utilities is the ability to be core focused meaning we will not have any competition with other utilities or other business lines Delta States Utilities will be operating as a sole focus solely focused gas distribution company and so that's from the top to bottom that's from our executives our management our operators the technology infrastructure we develop the resources even the customer interfaces will be solely focused to benefit the gas customers and continue to provide reliable service to those customers additionally during this transition period and that's the period from when the agreement was signed to when we expect to close that transition period we'll be standing up and implementing a technology platform and ecosystem that will be modernized and it will be branded and so you can think of this as our administrative programming our back office our operators per our operation programs and even the customer billing customer call centers and customer databases all of that is going to be core focused and created from scratch to better serve these gas customers and we're really excited about that opportunity there's a primary tenant for both energy and Delta States of this transaction is day one readiness and we've talked about a couple of items that will help us ensure that number one bring bringing over those 200 employees those folks know how to operate these systems today and they'll know how to operate these systems after closing another is the technology upgrades we're working we've developed a project management office with energy where we're collaborative collaboratively working together to identify potential issues and make sure we have solutions planned out in in place now rather than as we approach closing so day one readiness is our ability to seamlessly transition service on the day of closing from energy New Orleans to Delta States utilities and it's a commitment of both parties that that has so far has been worked we've worked very well together on that Delta States utilities as part of this proposal is not requesting any changes to the rate schedules or riders currently in place we're simply requesting a step into the shoes of energy and continue under their existing rate schedules and riders and part of that commitment is to also continue the commitment under the GURP and IM improvement plans so that we're sure we maintain the integrity of these systems moving forward next I'll touch on a proposed timeline of how we see this process moving forward as noted the agreement was signed on October 28th and then on December 11th we filed both applications one with the Public Service Commission and one with the New Orleans Council this dark green bar represents what we see is the regulatory process and we're hopeful to achieve a regulatory approval by the end of 2024 and that's kind of where that dark green bar ends and then post after that approval process we get into a six-month period where we're really focused on kind of dotting the I's crossing the T's on our technology upgrades we're doing final testing and we're starting to onboard folks to ensure that day one readiness so from a operational perspective the initial phase was putting together our transition team and starting to work through resources to help with this technology investment since that time we've worked towards onboarding leadership and really planning out their leadership team and how that looks moving forward and then in the interim this regulatory period we're really onboarding key resources these are the folks that are subject matter experts and the various pieces of this utility business we really start to onboard those shared services folks a lot of this is that a hundred new employees towards the end of that regulatory approval process and these shared services folks are we can hire at that time because they won't currently be employed by energy so we have about six months that we can onboard them and get them up to date with the new upgrades the new set systems and then finally in that last six month process towards the the latter part we start to the employee onboarding activities with the current energy employees and this gives us a couple of months to train them they're still going to be working with energy during this process but it's a couple of months to train them on the new systems and new technology and again this is to ensure we can achieve that day one readiness standard so this is we briefly touched on a few of those of these but the current activities we're finalizing budgets and scope for the technology systems and IT systems we're working with energy on our project management office and we're issue spotting and developing solutions to achieve that day one readiness standard we're completing onboarding a key resources and developing our plan for our strategic company executive leadership and we're working through the regulatory processes with both the public service commission and the New Orleans Council and we're continuing the lastly and probably very importantly continuing to work with energy to update the employees that are there today to make sure that they are updated as how this transaction is moving along and the expectations that really is the end of the the presentation i think we are excited that this opportunity to continue to invest in New Orleans businesses and the New Orleans and be a new New Orleans business a plan to be growing New Orleans business we're excited to work with the council kiero staff and the advisors on to come up with a solution that can benefit both the gas customers the citizens in New Orleans and the citizens of Louisiana so we really appreciate your time and we really look forward to working with you all into the future thank you councilmember thomas first of all thank you for your presentation and congratulations to your business and your partners for wanting to venture into an area where we see very few local and diverse companies involved you mentioned the word grow a few times uh grow how and is it growth just in gas or is it is it growth in other areas of resiliency yeah as Ryan noted uh delta states utility is a is a committed gas utility company and when we speak of growth we speak of of growing opportunities in that sector specifically as Ryan uh mentioned and what we're going to be building up it's going to be built up to have the minimum viable product that's needed today right so that we're we're mindful of of not adding costs where costs don't need to be added but it's going to have the backbone to be able to handle and have the capacity for future growth future additions continuing investment in the infrastructure there solely in gas solely in gas okay yeah i ask that question because when i leave here in a few minutes i've talked to three universities Xavier Dillard and Southern they're doing a joint thing uh today and i want to talk to them about growth and opportunities uh what about diversity right especially in the field of utilities uh there are very few african-americans women and other minority groups involved uh if you're going to establish yourself in that market uh what does the company look like uh how do you grow in those area what are y'all intentions are are you already planning that level of diversity already yeah no absolutely we understand representation is incredibly important um we uh you know we're still developing the the specific plans for delta state's utilities and what those policies are going to look like but i think it's been a positive shift generally in the utility industry uh where these programs are being implemented they're being demanded you know as part of how you better serve your community and maybe making sure you're creating spaces uh to have leaders in your organization that represent the communities around it so that that's a commitment something we talk about all the time across all our portfolio companies we're building out those policies now for dsu and so my last point is uh growth diversity and now locally uh when when you look at the disparities economic and socially here many of our ethnic groups including african-americans the gap is wide and post-catrina and we see you guys in an emergency industry hopefully you make make money what about local participation i just left the tour with the vietnamese scientists who actually grew up in new orleans east and it's from new orleans and we were fortunate enough to be able to capture and keep him here uh are y'all looking at our local talent as you grow in as you provide opportunity and as you diversify yeah absolutely that's part of the commitment um and uh it's it's pretty personal for me i know my first internship at the school was with a different large integrated utility system and uh they just happened to be a brother a brother there who um my family knew who created an opportunity for me to intern there and at the end of the internship it went really well it really kind of changed the trajectory of where i wanted to continue to study in college and what he said that stuck to me was um hey i've been trying to create programs like this but they keep telling me there aren't candidates available and i know that's not true and so what i think we've seen and we would love to implement with dsu as well is is not just a commitment to hire locally but to train locally to educate locally so that that's not a convenient excuse that the pool isn't there i think there are good uh precedents for utilities that we've served in at united utility where they've made that effective and we'll look to follow those as we put out these policies well i appreciate that i mean some people are telling new orleans and louisiana kids don't put that on your resume make them thank you from somewhere else you might have a better chance so good luck to you guys i think it's an opportunity to to participate in growing industry that's dominated by you know the same old companies and i look forward to seeing what happens thank you thank you councilman rutrusa i also apologize because i got a step out at 130 so i'm gonna ask some quick questions when i when i hear barnard capital and then delta state i just want to make sure in a vast system mr foster that that delta state is being set up as a fully integrated company to run these assets and the plan isn't to try and squeeze as much of the assets as possible and then hand the liability back to somebody else in like two years yeah dsu is absolutely going to be a standalone entity it's the model we follow across all of our portfolio companies we set them up as individual platform investments okay and and i guess another way of asking is is a plan then at the issue to stay in the market um and be a standalone company for as long as feasible yes yes okay um you mentioned also that other parishes have have different i guess entities who are doing some of this do they also have two bills i know that sounds like a simple issue but given all the sewage and water board bills that we have to deal with adding another one into the mix uh makes us a little nervous so i just kind of wanted to see how that's been dealt with in other places whether inside the Louisiana or out yeah no that's a great question right do you want maybe talk about how we handle that within wi yes so there are there are there is precedent for multiple utilities being on the same bill and a lot of times it's a sewer and a water company if they're separate utility providers a lot of times the sewer company will contract with the water company so that that person receives one bill and and like you said it's we understand a lot of these folks have received the same bill from energy for 30 40 50 years and having somebody send a new bill is is going to take a lot of explanation and i mean frankly we're concerned with they may think it's a fake bill you know who has dealt the state's billing right so we plan a strategic outreach effort within this within new orleans to get ahead of that fact but we're also willing to work with the council and the cura staff for any creative ideas we can have to it to somehow better achieve that issue you you sort of nailed exactly where i was headed i mean a new orleans still sometimes call it napsi right so we're still dealing with that we thought about naming it napsi just so yeah uh and and b i think i think the idea of trying to integrate it into a single bill or platform makes a lot of sense i realize that may present some strategic financial challenges but if that could be integrated i think it'd be great and then if you could just spend a minute talking about you hinted at it but customer outreach responsiveness i think is is always the last issue that that customers are concerned about it um just just how you all plan on tackling that both in the explanation process and moving forward yeah please no so initially and that's that last six-month period and i'll i'm going to be a little bit more detailed initially right step back a little bit initially that last six-month period is when we really plan to be out and about in the public in new orleans and that's to explain who we are explain the process explain the differences in the billing once we get to that closing date we're going to continue that we're going to continue to invest in different community projects and programs but we're also going to be more and this goes back to kind of that technology upgrade these are factors and we appreciate and councilwoman merino has has given us similar notes that the customer outreach customer communication is one of the most important things that we really need to be considering and so as we develop this infrastructure for our technology back end a lot of those features we're integrating from the front end so that we don't have to go back and try to add them down the road and we expect a lot better ability to communicate with customers and to maintain that constant contact as well as to update them on issues and problems that we see that sounds great i know um councilmember harris and others councilmember king sometimes host community meetings and also we're happy to help as well if you're looking for how do we get the biggest bang on our buck for sort of neighborhood organizations where does it make the most sense to try and touch the most amount of people i think all the district council members are going to work with you absolutely thank you all very much thank you thank you we have one public comment by mr jessie george we have online public comment okay how many four three thank you uh jessie george on behalf of the alliance for affordable energy we appreciate the council opening this docket and the chance to participate um you know the idea of energy focusing solely on electricity service is appealing as new orleans continue to struggle with reliability issues but the idea of the creation of a new utility whose sole purpose is the sale and of a fossil gas and the continuing of the propping up of fossil gas infrastructure in the city is not so appealing we would like to see if this deal is approved some sort of plan for a transition away from fossil gas reliance in this city particularly in residential homes where it is terrible for air quality we have high rates of childhood asthma in the city high rates of cancer that are all linked to use of gas in the home so this deal has to come with some sort of managed decapitalization of gas infrastructure in the city when we hear we're going to have new investment in gas infrastructure that is the opposite way we need to be going these fossil fuels are contributing to the climate change that is sinking the city into the gulf and we cannot continue to rely on fossil fuels for use in our homes or frankly anywhere else we also hear these lofty promises of a hundred new jobs we heard promises about jobs with the river district pilot proposal that came through so if we're going to be making these promises they need to be part of the deal if we're promising a hundred jobs that needs to be a requirement of the approval of this deal we look forward to continuing to participate in this docket and we hope for the best outcome for the city thank you thank you more comments thank you the first comment is from marion penny fry stat to honorable council members in the utility cable telecommunications and technology committee i'm writing in support of the alliance for affordable energy suggestions on item to resolution gas distribution infrastructure sale while the alliance and i support eno focusing on providing a reliable electric service we have concerns about the creation of a new company delta states utilities dot com whose sole purpose is to sell fossil gas we believe that this deal must be accompanied by a plan of managed decapitalization in other words there must be a plan to ultimately phase out this infrastructure rather than a plan to continue propping it up also in the executive session sorry come from that's for another agenda item sarah bowdenstein while i support energy new orleans focusing on providing reliable electric service i have concerns about the creation of a new company whose sole purpose is to sell fossil fuels as gas i believe that this deal must be accompanied by a plan of managed decapitalization in other words there must be a plan to ultimately phase out the infrastructure rather than a plan to continue propping it up fossil fuels are one of the main drivers of climate change an impending disaster that will disproportionately affect louisiana and its citizens the last comment is from donathan anthony roberts as a devoted resident of district e my primary concern lies with the welfare of our community with dse's proposed sale i respectfully ask how will this sale ensure the provision of reliable affordable and environmentally sustainable gas service for our district it's crucial that our communities need to guide the decision and i trust the committee will prioritize these aspects for the enduring benefit of district d those are all the comments thank you i see no further comments i'll entertain a well i'll move to for this resolution the full council once again for those of you watching in tv land this is simply to open the procedural schedule to review the application council member to clarify this is on the agenda for thursday's council meeting yes sorry thank you uh to any one more vote where is all right grab me a member all right give us a council member we can take this up after executive session for vote if you'd like i would draw my motion and we'll take this up after executive session all right next up thank you gentlemen we're good to be here today next up we have motion m 24 11 the authorization to contract with at&t corporation um this adds the council president of the sanitary to amendment number three the contract between the city of new world's and at&t in court but in accordance with section 70 10 of the code of the city of new orleans this is a necessary motion as the value of the existing the amendment exceeds one million dollars we have representatives from iti all right come on down good afternoon council members i'm kim llegrew from iti and the it director on the at&t contract was executed in 2018 it was originally signed as a three-year agreement with three one-year amendments we have now crossed the one million dollar threshold for this contract so it comes before you for approval the at&t contract provides all voice and digital services to the city's agencies our infrastructure supports about 120 sites at this point many of those have traditional telephone lines in elevators fax machines and other types of voice services that we support and continue to provide this contract extends or this amendment extends that contracts of those services can be provided thank you very much there's a very detailed explanation do we have any comments on this item we have one online comment from jonathan anthony roberts as a long time at&t customer i'm concerned by the lack of service availability in parts of district e in light of this contract authorization i must ask how will at&t ensure equitable digital infrastructure and internet service across our entire district our community deserves a commitment to expanded access and high quality services as we consider this contract it's vital that these service disparities are addressed and resolved for the benefit of all residents thank you we'll take it under consideration shortly appreciate you here for being here for here for providing insight on the contract thank you mr okay thank you so we have a last minute comment card would you like to speak to miss ford real quickly yes and as you know number three right and this is just to extend their current contract with the city provide digital phone services okay and i'm sorry but i i'm not really sure about that because i see a lot of things that happen with um utility and cable that the community has no uh support in dealing with these companies once the council approves them to come here and access for the community to try to work out any issues or support or whatever questions even it's like null and void it can't happen so when they come before you this is our only chance to be able to reach them and the executive that looks so nice and beautiful coming in here today but trying to reach them outside of here trying to get cable access outside of here it's not happening and that's why i came down today because i need help with these utilities and um i need help with these utility agencies and trying to communicate them and it's not fair that we have to come to you guys to ask you to communicate to them when they need to be accessible to the community we got a million people here in the city of new orleans it's just that good for them to be able to come here get a get a date to come before the city council and that's all we have you know and i'm i'm not seeing that happening outside of here and i want to okay thank you miss for uh miss grove okay thank you for your comments so oh All right. I will move on the resolution first. Ms. Spears. All right. Please vote your machines. Three ayes, no nays. The resolution is adopted and forward to the full council. Next up we have motion M2411. I will move. Seconded by council member Moreno. Three ayes, no nays. That will be forward to the full council. And last I move that we enter executive session to discuss council member. We have to continue Ms. Freidstadt's comment regarding executive session. Okay. She just says in the executive session around the ongoing litigation at FERC around grand Gulf nuclear station. We want to encourage the council to stand strong and holding out for every dollar energy owes us. Thank you. I will move that we go to executive session. Take a second. Second by council member King. Please vote your machines. Three ayes, no nays. We are going to executive session. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.