 All to order the Tuesday, February 19, 2013 meeting of the Alcohol Beverage and Control Board. Beverage Control Board. Can I have the roll call, please? Chairman Ronnie Sadele, present. Vice Chair Nika Scott, present. Gwendolyn Hawkins, present. Nicholas Rishaw, present. Jerry Spear, present. Robert Jenkins, absent. Five members of the level core. All right. Stand for the Pledge of Allegiance, please, led by Mr. Rishaw. All right. Mr. McNamara, Mr. Vars, please call the docket for us. Thank you. At this time, we'd like to turn to page two of the docket, item number five, excuse me, crits bar, and the committee is present with counsel. At this time, we're asking that this matter be reset until the March 19th hearing date. We have some cities intending to amend the petition as well as to, there's some outstanding discovery issues, so we request it be set to that date, and I believe that council is going to waive service for that date. All right, and that's a motion by the city, is that correct? That is correct, sir. Mr. Schmidt, make a presence, please. Mr. Schmidt. Dr. Sisera. Dr. Sisera, I'm sorry. Jesus Christ, this is Eric. Dr. Sisera, attorney for our crits bar, and that's Chris Hernandez, a proper person. I'm sorry. Chris Hernandez, owner of crits bar. All right, and are you in agreement with the continuous matter until March 19th? Yes, we are. All right. Anybody, any questions from the floor, or from the board? No? All right, I'll entertain a motion regarding this matter. I move that hearing number 03-13 be rescheduled for the March 19th, 2013 docket. All right, is there a second? All favor? Aye. All right. Is there, you've agreed also to waive service for that? Yes. The March 19th meeting? Yes, also if there's an amended petition that's coming, we'll waive service as long as they send it to my office. Okay, so noted. Happy to do that. All right. Then it is the hearing number 03-13A, grits bar, LSC, DBA, grits bar, is hereby continued until the March 19th meeting. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. This time I'd like to turn to page 04, the docket, item number 08, City of Orleans versus 411 Burlesque Club, LLC, doing business as Little Darlings. Council for Little Darlings, Eric Hessler is present. Good afternoon, Eric Hessler. On behalf of Little Darlings, I've waived my client's presence for the purpose of this appearance. I believe Ms. Hessler has made a motion before the board. I have previously filed a motion for continuance in this matter. There was a petition and an amended petition that was filed, and I just received approximately 17 police reports as part of that amended petition. I would respectfully request a continuance be granted in this matter. All right. Until the March 19th hearing date? That's perfectly fine. All right. Any objection, Mr. McEmore? No, sir. I do not oppose the objection. All right. I'm in the continuance. Excuse me. And we're way of service on the continuance notification. All right. Any questions from the board? All right. I'll entertain a motion regarding this matter. Move the hearing number 06-13 be reset for the March 19th, 2013 hearing. All right. Is there a second? All in favor? Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. All right. This matter, number 06-13A, 411 Burlesque Club, LLC, DBA, Little Darlings address is hereby continued until the March 19th, 2013 hearing. And defendants have agreed to way of service. Thank you very much. That's correct. Thank you. Thank you. Turning your attention to page number 05 of the docket, item number 10, City of New Orleans versus Code Incorporated doing business as she-she's. I was contacted by counsel for she-she's Mr. Renee Luop. And he has requested a continuous in this matter. The city does not oppose that continuance. All right. Did he agree to way of service or? Yes. Reserve him or? He'll way of service. I'll make sure that we get the service dates to him. I'll call him right after today's hearing. All right. I'll entertain a motion with regard to matter number 10, please. I move that hearing number 08-13 be rescheduled for the March 19th, 2013 hearing. All favor? Aye. Opposed? All right. Matter number 08-13A, Code Inc. DBA she-she's is hereby continue to March 19th hearing of the ABO Board. Following to item number 11, hearing number 09-13A, City of New Orleans versus Asadis Mayal doing business at Chippewa Food Store. At this time the city would like to dismiss that matter. All right. Any reason? We didn't-we were investigating that matter and we did not intend that to come up on the nuisance docket. And so we kind of got ahead of ourselves a little bit on that. All right. Just improperly placed on the docket then, correct? Pardon me? It's just improperly placed on the docket. That's correct. All right. I'll entertain a motion with regard to this matter. I move that hearing number 09-13 be dismissed. All right. Is there a second? Second. All in favor? Aye. Opposed? All right. Matter number 09-13A, Asadis Mayal, DBA Chippewa Food Store is hereby dismissed. And turning back to page one on the docket, item number 01-13A, City of New Orleans versus Hummingbird Entertainment LLC doing business as the Sports Cafe. And the permitting is present in the hearing chambers this afternoon. All right. Speaking of parents for us, please? Orleans Parish. No, your name? Your name? Your name, yeah. Okay. Sir? Doug Yielden. All right. Inspector Mayor? At this time, I believe that the permitting has a motion. They're unrepresented today, and I think that they want to ask for a continuance so that they might hire an attorney, and they also have a few other things that they wanted to make the board aware of. All right. When was service on this matter? I'm not sure. What was the date of service? Ms. Temple? Sharon, do you know where the date of service was? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Ms. Temple? Sharon, do you know when they were served? I'm sorry, Ms. Temple. I'd be Mr. Chris over there. Thank you. Well, they were originally notified of the hearing on January 17th. That's when the first notice of service went out, but it was undeliverable. So we sent it out via certified mail on February 7th, and it came back. Signed? Yes. Okay. So service was received on February 7th? Yes. Okay. Twelve days ago. All right. All right. You had a motion that you'd like to make? On behalf of defendants? Continuance. Motion of continuance. Okay. Have you had the opportunity to consult with an attorney? Not yet. Okay. Is it your intention to consult with an attorney in time to have this matter prepared for hearing on March 19th? Yes. All right. Mr. McNamara? And I believe that they had some other information regarding the establishment that they wanted to present to the board. Okay. Yes. We also, we have hired a security company to help out with the issues that we have had. We closed. We started closing at an earlier time, and we also upped our age group, so we're having an older crowd. And then we're in the process of selling the business as we speak. Okay. All right. I think that, and we'll come out in greater detail at the hearing on March 19th. Those sound like good steps. Mr. McNamara, is there any opposition to the continuance? No, sir. All right. Then I will entertain a motion with regard to this matter. I move that hearing number 01-13 be rescheduled for the March 19th, 2013 hearing. All right. Is there a second? Yes. All in favor? Aye. Opposed? All right. Item number 01-13A, Hummingbird Entertainment, LLC, DBA, the Sports Cafe. The matter is continued until March 19th. And would you agree to waive service as well for that hearing date? Yes. Yes? All right. Thank you very much, and we'll see you then. Thank you for taking those preliminary steps to correct whatever problems that are present. Thank you. Turning your attention to page 3 of the docket, item number 04-13A, Babineau Entertainment. The facility incorporated doing business as Michels on St. Charles. It's my understanding that the board has received a continuance in this matter from the permitting. I've also spoken with her attorney today, Justin Schmidt. Apparently, the permitting is out of state attending to some medical issues. And because of that reason, the city does not oppose the continuance in this matter. All right. Will, do you know if they'll be prepared to have the hearing continue just until March 19th? Yes, sir. All right. Mr. Justin Schmidt indicated that he'd be willing to appear at that time. All right. And did he indicate that he would waive service? He needed to have service remain. Could we serve them? We can serve him at, we can serve the permitting through Mr. Schmidt. Okay. All right. Then I'll entertain a motion with regard to matter number 413. Move hearing number 04-13 be rescheduled to the March 19th, 2013 hearing. Is there a second? All favor? Aye. Opposed? All right. Matter number 04-13A, Babineau Entertainment Facility, Inc. DBA Michels on St. Charles, continue to March 19th. I'm sorry. I'm jumping around on you. Turning your attention back to item number 02 on page 01, hearing number 235-12 TX, the Uptown or LLC doing business as Gabrielle. I talked to Council, Mr. Bob Stern, Council for the Permitie. Mr. Stern has requested a continuance in this matter. He can be served through Mr. Stern. The Permitie can be served through Mr. Stern and the city does not oppose the continuance. All right. Will they be prepared for the matter to be heard on March 19th? Yes, sir. All right. Then I'll entertain a motion with regard to this matter. I move that item hearing number 235-12 TX be continued until the March 19 hearing date. That is a tax hearing. Is that correct? It says TX. It originated as a tax hearing. There are nuisance issues as well. As broadly defined nuisance issues. There's non-tax related permitting issues associated with that establishment. All right. Is there a second to Mr. Spears' motion? Second. All right. All in favor? Aye. Opposed? All right. Matter number 235-12 TX, the Uptown or LLC, DBA Gabrielle will be continued until the March 19th hearing. I'm sorry, you said service to be waived or? Mr. McNamara? Yeah, or we could serve it through Robert Stern, the attorney. Sir? I'll do that just out of... All right. Service to the council of record on that matter, please. And we'll get that... I don't know if he's currently listed as the attorney of record, but they indicated that they hadn't received the notice. So we're going to make sure that we get it to him. Okay. Next matter? The next matter is... I'm trying to find the page in our... Mr. Tiff's matter. That is Lucky Tab LLC doing business is Jimmy's Music Club. That's on page two, item number four. And we did, as I recall, have this matter before us last month. Is that correct? I believe so. All right. And what's before us today? Members of the board, Mr. Chairman, my name is Mike Tift. On behalf of the property owner James Enzema, his wife Joan is here with me today, the property owner, and also Lucky Tab LLC, the applicant, I have Gary Quaintance representing them. Lucky Tab had applied for alcoholic beverage permits in July of last year. In December of that year, five months, five, six months later, they were denied or safety and permits recommended denial on the strength of a moratorium that was in place. We made the time we made an appeal. We were here last month. We asked for a month to go talk to Councilmember Gidrie, the author of the moratorium, and we're unable to resolve our difficulties. So we're back here today. I'd like to move forward. The basis for our appeal, City Code Section 1076 and Section 10121D indicates that an appeal from a denial of a alcoholic beverage permit is to this board. The basis of our appeal is that the moratoriums in place have been there since 2009. The Home Rule Charter Section 3-126 says you get two years. The City Council gets two years worth of moratoriums, and then you can't have another moratorium for a period of one year. It's our position. I think we've documented it with copies of the five or six ordinances that have been introduced or adopted over the years and maps showing the territory of the moratorium. Our position is that these moratoriums are substantially the same. They have the substantially same legal effect on my client. There's a dot representing Jimmy's on those maps. You'll see they're within three different moratoriums over six years. And our position is the moratorium has applied to our client is illegal, and we're asking this board to overrule the Bureau of Revenue's denial and order it to issue the permits that it applied for. All right. Can you tell us the nature of the discussions with the City Council while they weren't – Well, this was the nature of the discussions. I wasn't involved with the meeting, but I spoke with Ms. Gedry before the meeting. We were kind of willing to let the last of the moratoriums expire, and we asked her to continue the new moratorium so that we could apply in that window and not have it applied to us. She declined to continue that moratorium, which was adopted in the January council meeting and put in place basically another year's worth of moratorium. So at that point, we had no recourse but to come to this board, assert that the moratorium is illegal because it exceeds a two-year period permitted by the charter. We're asking again the board to overrule that and to issue these permits. So the council's position was that the 2009 moratorium does remain in place and that this application was affected by that? I don't know what their position is. My position is under the charter. You get two years. Understand. And it's been there since 2009. Again, I wasn't at that meeting. My only interested meeting with her was to say please defer the new moratorium so at least apply during the window and you can have your moratorium and we can have our permits. That didn't happen. So in effect by asking her to apply the new moratorium, that would imply that the old one expired after two years. So I guess her position was that if I apply a new one. I think her position was when the moratorium expired, people could apply for permits in the moratorium and she didn't want that happening. In that brief window, I thought I'd be the only guy smart enough to slip in, but she didn't my way out of that particular impasse. All right. May I? Yes, Mr. Spears. Mr. Tiff, are you aware that there is an option to file for an appeal of the moratorium to the council and there have been numerous successful appeals of the moratorium in that neighborhood? Sir, I'm very familiar with the conditional use process and moratorium waiver processes. I think given that the denial was illegal, that there's no point in me having my clients put up $1,000 and wait another 90 days and have a decision go from the staff to the city planning commission to the council to have the council defer to the wishes of the neighborhood association. I'm against that process. I don't think it's required in this case. I think under the law, we have a right to a permit without having to go through that process. I've talked this over with my clients and they declined to go through that process. Okay. Well, I mean, you have an option to challenge the constitutionality of the moratorium or to appeal the moratorium as numerous other people have done successfully without being greatly burdensome, I think. But personally, I don't see this board's role as judging the constitutionality of the moratorium. Well, this board's role is set forth in the city code, chapter 1076 and chapter 10121D, and it says any denial of an alcoholic beverage permit is appealable to this board. And I know there are lawyers on this board and it's a very simple argument, a plain reading of the Home Rule Charter section 126, 3126 says you can't have a six-year moratorium. You're limited to two. You wait a year. You have another two years. That's the law. That's the law. And it's been broken by the council. They have, in effect, a six-year moratorium. Now, all three of the moratoriums, if you look at the map, affect my client, which is the little dot at the top of the map. So our position, again, is the moratorium, as applied to my clients, is illegal, and we're asking this board to issue the permits. Mr. McNamara? Thank you. At the outset, I just want to say that I've only received, in the past couple of days, the information from Mr. Tift and the pleadings from Mr. Tift does not give him ample opportunity to go over those, but I think that, as Mr. Speer seems to be indicating, that the same arguments that we had the last time this was before the board exists today, this board has an opportunity to review the decision made by the director of safety and permits as to whether there was a moratorium in place at the time of the denial. At the time of the denial that moratorium was in place, and he, in fact, did not make an incorrect decision. Also, as Mr. Speer has pointed out, there is a process by which Mr. ... What's that? I'm sorry? My mic went out there. There you go. I'm back. Thank you. There's the process by ... I think I went out again. I'm sorry. I keep ... I'm going to speak very loud. The process by which Mr. Tift and Mr. Tift's client can appeal those issues of the moratorium, as Mr. Speer pointed out, and as Mr. Speer also pointed out, perhaps he didn't ... ... prior to coming before this board. I think, again, he's putting the cart before the horse in that, but also given the fact that I've only just received these pleadings. Are you asking for a continuation, Mr. McNamara? Rule, to entertain Mr. Tift's pleadings on the larger points, I would ask for it to continue. If the board agrees with me, then in fact Mr. Tift needs to go somewhere else, then I wouldn't in fact need that continuation. Briefly, I'll respond if I may. The city code, again, says an appeal from the denial of an alcoholic beverage permit by the Bureau of Revenue is to this board. It says that in two different places. The moratorium waiver process is something discretionary within the moratorium ordinance itself. As far as Mr. McNamara being able to prepare, I mean, I've cited six ordinances, copies of which are available next door. If you look at the dates, they start from 2009 to 2010. There are three maps, and he can make his own map. There's not a lot of level of detail here. The plain facts are there's been a moratorium in place affecting my client's property for six years. If I may respond to that just briefly. Let me just say something, at least from my perspective. I understand that your argument, Mr. Tift, but we have not had a chance to review this information. I haven't. I mean, I don't know if anybody on the board has. I'm seeing it dated February 15th. That's only a few days ago. I don't feel unless we take a break and for a while we have a chance to review this, that I can really accurately or good conscience comment or make a ruling on this today. You're asking us in effect to rule on something that the city council has already entered their opinion on. So it's a matter of some moment, some weight. And Mr. McNamara obviously feels that he's unable to present the city's position accurately and adequately today, since he has not had a chance to review the information that you provided. Although, like you say, it's a matter of statute, so it's not complicated in the sense that it would require a lot of research. Just some dates have to be absorbed and thought about. So any comments from the board on this matter? I tend to agree. And while I do agree with Mr. Tift that we certainly are able to review a denial of a permit, I'm not so sure we can address the constitutionality of a moratorium, even if that is the basis of the denial of the permit. And without having read your brief and seen a response from the city, I'm not prepared to rule on this today. Spirit? I would just encourage Mr. Tift and his client to pursue the procedure that everyone else who has achieved a license in the last few years in that neighborhood have achieved. And by the way, it's going to cost you money, take time. I don't think that's a burdensome or inappropriate process. But that's up to you. Personally, I would move for simplify and move for denial of this request. Is that a motion? Yes. All right. I'm going to move by Mr. Spear that the I guess the appeal request of Mr. Tift to overrule the denial of his permit that that that the motion be denied. Is there a second? Just to speak on that. And with all difference to you, Jerry, I can't just from reading this, I can't vote in favor of that without having read this me personally. Anyone else has agreed to express their opinion, but without having read it, I cannot vote for a flat out denial at this point. All right. Then does anybody else? Is there a second on this motion? All right. Motion fails. I'll entertain a motion on to continue this matter for Mr. McNamara's request. All right. I'll entertain a motion. Second by Ms. Hawkins. All in favor? Opposed? Okay. Motion carries. This matter is continued until March 19, 2013. Docket. Is that acceptable to all parties? Not me, but I understand what's going on. Okay. Is that date acceptable to you? Yes, sir. That's fine. All right. And will you waive service with regard to that date? Thank you, Mr. Tift. And so I'll entertain a motion about the continuous matter. I think we did. Okay. Well, and I guess, Molly, Mr. McNamara, the city will file a response brief in time for us to review it before the next hearing. Just email it to all members of the board. I'm sure Ms. Delarge would be happy to get right on that. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. All right. This matter, if I can figure out which page we're on here, matter 02-13A, Lucky Tab LLC, DBA, Jimmy's Music Club. This matter has continued until the March 19, 2013 hearing date. Thank you very much. Thank you. Next matter? Yes. Turning your attention to page number five, item number 12, hearing number 10-13A, City of New Orleans versus Republic New Orleans, LSC, doing business as the Republic of New Orleans. There was some gentleman here who were Republic. I don't know what happened to them. What page are we on now? I'm sorry. Page five item number 12. Public New Orleans, LSC, DBA, Republic of New Orleans. Okay. And the two gentlemen who appeared on, presumably on behalf of the permits, they may have very well been the permitees themselves. They were not attorneys, indicated they were represented by VM Wheeler. I haven't spoken with Mr. Wheeler at all. And I understood that they were the gentlemen. We're going to ask for a continuance. And they said, but unfortunately, they have left the chamber. So I'm kind of at a loss as to what's going on. Well, is it your understanding that? Did you oppose the continuance? All right. So maybe they assume that the matter would be continued and they would waive service. So is that we want to proceed under that? Let's proceed under that assumption. I'll contact Mr. Wheeler. Was Mr. Wheeler present? No, you said no. Okay. All right. Then I'll entertain a motion with regard to matter number 10-13A. I'll move that hearing number 10-13A be reset for the March 19, 2013 hearing date. All right. Is there a second? All right. Opposed? All right. This matter, number 10-13A, Republic of New Orleans, LLC, DBA, Republic of New Orleans is hereby continued until the March 19 hearing date. Service to be? They didn't indicate that they would waive service for that date. Service waived on that matter for the permittee who was present earlier in chambers. All right. At this time, turning your attention to page one, item number one, hearing number 151-12, TX Mercedes Gibson doing business at Mercedes Place. As it borders- Is that the last matter? Pardon me? Is that the last matter for today? It is not the last matter for today. Going back and forth. There's something else? Okay. No, sir. There's one that we haven't heard from anybody on and there's one other matter in addition to the one to this matter. Okay. I'm sorry. Proceed. Thank you. As the board may be aware, this matter came up at a prior hearing where we worked out a judgment in this matter. The city of New Orleans went over the tapes and put the specific items. Actually, we put all the items on in front of the board. Apparently since doing that, there's been some issue as to the judgment even though we all were on record is that that was what the judgment was. I believe the council, Mr. Wellman, has something that he wants to present. We drafted a judgment that took into account all the things that we put on the record on that day. We actually went on and reviewed the video of that and put all those items in our consent. I think Mr. Wellman, despite the fact that all those things were agreed to at that prior hearing has a different judgment that he would like to present to the board. I don't want to speak for him. He's certainly here. Let me just give me a minute. I had a chance to review. We got that earlier. I had a chance to look at it. I think there were two matters that you wanted us to consider, one being the easy one is the hours of operation. You wanted a language change just saying that the facility will close at 11 p.m. They don't have to stay until 11 p.m. That was just a little semantic difference that could be taken care of, no problem. Can I just make a short statement? Yes, sir. Matt Wellman on behalf of Mercy's place. I was contacted less than two hours before the last hearing and came here. It was a very difficult situation. Since then, I've learned the cost involved of some of these proposals. Like maybe the city of New Orleans in a consent decree where they can't afford the cost of some things they may have agreed to, I have had the opportunity to see their sales tax, their actual sales of approximately $150 a day compared to the huge cost of doing this. I've asked Ms. Mercy to go out to the neighborhood and say just to give the board an idea since we really had no preparation time before, I have 114 neighbors signatures saying that they weren't a nuisance. Again, that doesn't affect you. It's only the idea of what I'm asking for is consideration of let's not just put this person out of business through cost as opposed to putting them out of business because they truly are a nuisance, which we're saying they're not. I would like to present this to the board if I may. You can. Let me just ask a question. You're willing to provide the security guard from 5 p.m. to closing? Yes. Okay, that's not the issue. No. The issue seems to be the detail. Troll car. Surrounding the area. The consent judgment states defendants shall participate in the Holy Cross Neighbor Association HCA established law enforcement officer detail program to patrol within a three block radius. This judgment does not put the onus of providing on its own. It's the cost that will be paid for by. No. What this is saying is that apparently we were informed at the last meeting that HCA had a security detail within a three block radius already in place. I think you're mistaken, Chairman. Well, I'm just reading what it says. So participate in the Holy Cross Neighbor Association established law enforcement officer detail program to patrol within a three block radius of the establishment. HCNA shall have the authority to select and direct the law enforcement officers. The cost shall be at the market rate, etc. So to me, this is the last paragraph on page one of the consent judgment. To me what that's saying is HCNA already has the program in place and what we're the judgment is directing you to do, the client to do is to participate in that program, not to independently fund a security detail program within a three block radius. That's what I'm saying. Participation, if I understood what that meant, does that mean we pay for the participation? No, that means a lot of neighborhoods have a patrol association with 100 members or five members or whatever it might be and each participating member funds a share of that program. That to me is how this judgment reads. I think I read it more like Mr. Wellman reads it. This is a situation I think more like we had uptown with the bars along Maple Street. At that point, the neighborhood association went and hired details and then those establishments funded the detail program to compensate them for the expense that they had to incur because of the way that the bar was operated in their neighborhood. I think I would be more along, I think I agree with Mr. Wellman, but I think that was a very strong point. In all due respect to the 114 people that Mr. Wellman's got on a piece of paper, as you might recall, we had people who are in here in this chamber ready to testify about the nuisance that that bar has caused in their neighborhood. Now to come in and to suggest that they're not a nuisance, one, it's just contrary to the facts. It's a little bit. No, and here's, again, I'm just one person, I'll let the other members of the board speak, but I don't, again, maybe it's language that's capable of several interpretations, but does the HCNA already have an established patrol association that is operational within a three block radius of this establishment? I don't believe they do. I'll try to answer that question. They would go and then create a detail program and then Mercedes Place would participate in the funding of that program. Just meaning pay me. I'll tell you. Yes, that's what I mean. Yes, exactly. The only meaning is that, and again, I'm going to say this, I'm open to the board. This language shall participate in the established law enforcement officer detail program. To me, that's clear as a bell that you're asking them to participate in a program that's already in effect. I think the article before the word Holy Cross should have been changed to, it shouldn't have been an A, and I think that's probably where the error comes in. I'm sorry, say it again. It should be A. The second line of that were the words Holy Cross Neighborhood Association. It should have been shall participate in A and not in the Holy Cross. There is a Holy Cross Neighborhood Association. But not in the Holy Cross Neighborhood Association established law enforcement detail program. I think that might be, and if you want to change the word from the to A, the city doesn't have a problem with that. If you want to delineate what the level of participation of Mercedes Place is towards that program, the city's perfectly willing to entertain any suggestions. Let me just, you've heard my impressions, what I thought I was voting on. That seems reasonable. Let me just open it up. Any other board members have comments? I had a question. What you're speaking about, is that the state-legislated neighborhood security district, or is that something that's because if you're a business in that area, aren't you required by the law if you're in the neighborhood that gets voted to have a security district, then you pay by being, or is that only applied at home? I think this is just a neighborhood association patrol program. I don't think it's a taxing district. It's not a taxing district, no. All right. That's just what I was confused with. Yeah. Let me just say, Mr. Chairman, I agree with your reading of the language as it's on the paper. And Mr. McNamara, is it not true that in the Maple Street, in those cases, that there was a dollar figure attached in the judgment to the participation? Yes. I think there was a percentage of participation on those. I don't have those documents in front of me today. My recollection, and maybe erroneous, but my recollection was it was $500 a month from each of several bars on Maple Street. My recollection is they were participating at a certain level, because remember, we had, I don't know if they were 25% or 50%, and I know that the cost was spread among, or I don't think among, but between at least two establishments. And I think that if we want to, again, the city does not oppose putting a level of participation on this. I can state with some confidence that I do not believe that there currently exists a Holy Cross Neighborhood Association established law enforcement detail program. But again, if we want to talk a percentage, we'd be happy to do that. Well, and also, if there's not an established program, and if it's only this one establishment, their contribution in a few hundred dollar range is probably not going to be enough to establish one, I'm thinking. Right. That's all. That goes at the, you know, the last sentence on that page talks about the detail program at the market rate. So the neighborhood association would determine the level of the details, and the market rate's going to determine the market rate. Ms. Hawkins. Good evening. My impression is that Holy Cross does have a neighborhood association. But in making assumptions. I'm not assuming that, ma'am. I'm not assuming that they have a neighborhood association. No, no. They do. I understand that. But to interpret this, why don't the neighbors or the Mercedes go to them to find out if they have a police affiliation and come back to us and let us know that they can participate with them and at what cost? Well, if you also look at that paragraph, it does set out times when the patrol will be in place. Area bars. The program did not exist until this board got involved. And that point, the neighborhood association went and established the detail program and then went and was funded. They were compensated for what they had to expend towards that program. I'm sorry, I missed that. Other bars. Pardon me? The neighborhood association established the program and they were? Right. It wasn't in existence until this board took action. And part of the thing was that because of the way that an establishment operates, these people now need to go and get extra security in their neighborhood. They now have that expense that they have to run a detail program through the neighborhood because of the way these establishments operate. And what this board did was order those establishments to compensate them for those expenses. That's all we're doing here. I understand. Scott? A couple of questions. I can't recall. What were the nuisance issues surrounding this bar? Mr. Lawrence, there was a lot of noise issues. There was trash issues. There were loitering issues. There was violence inside of the establishment. I believe two incidents involving family members. There was a cutting. There was a stabbing. Was there a domestic violence as well? Yes, two separate domestic violence issues all within, I believe, two weeks of each other. And we're trying to recall if there was a shooting or not at that location. But anyway, there's numerous violence in and around the place, noise, loitering, littering, and those kind of issues that were of concern. If I may address some of this, you know, sense. I'm sorry. I don't know that we really need to relitigate all the specifics of this matter. I agree. If you could ask. Excuse me. And I think that, you know, we had an opportunity, we had everybody here ready to talk about all those things. In an effort to compromise, you know, the permittee agreed to do certain things. I don't see why we can't just get those things done. Mr. Wallman, do you have? I'm sorry. We did have an aggravated battery at that location. So we did have a shooting at that location. Since, you know, we're putting on some facts, which are negative, I'd like to just say that this is one of a very longstanding, older clientele, ninth ward bar, one of the first ones back after Katrina, and it was actually one of the reasons people came back. And, you know, when you start talking about 114 people saying it's not a nuisance, I'm not asking that you throw out all the things that may have happened. I'm just saying, take this in consideration when you're rendering a judgment that would effectively put them out of business because of the cost of hiring basically a police patrol all by themselves to patrol the neighborhood. What is the cost? If I may respond to that. Mr. McNamara, you know, I think that your earlier point is well taken that we're not here to re-litigate or litigate whether or not there are nuisance issues that we need to consider. But there's actually, there was more than one shooting at that location. Understood. The question is, I think that just, I'm sorry, I'm just going to reserve my comment. Yeah, your point is understood. There were certainly nuisance issues present at this bar, and I don't think that those issues are contested by counsel for the establishment. Okay. The question is, how do we effectively deal with the nuisance issues in a way that protects the neighborhood and allows this bar to stay open if that's possible? I mean, I don't think that we voted to revoke the license. We didn't consider it to be of that nature, which I guess implies that we felt that the nuisance issues were not sufficient to warrant revocation. Well, I don't know that we put the entire facts before the board, but I think that we worked out a judgment that recognized some of the things that Mr. Wellman has stated about the bar, but also recognizes the problems that are occurring in that neighborhood. Right. Are we to understand- I'm sorry. Go ahead. If we were only talking about this specific, if this is the last remaining detail of this paragraph, I mean, of this judgment, I would ask that I would suggest that we modify that the in that paragraph to an A to read shall participate in a Holy Cross neighborhood established law enforcement officer detail program. And then we put in- we already have the hours in which that thing would take place. You do four hours a day, six to 11. No, sir. You're making a mistake there. I think the hours for the patrol were from six to closing and during special events, including second lines. That's correct. You might recall. Okay. I'm sorry. Five hours a day, four days, three days a week, plus special events, including second lines. Correct? That's if those closing hours adhere to those specific closing hours, but that's certainly fine. If they closed earlier, they wouldn't have to go out. Correct. So and they also the special events and given the notice of when those were to place, I would at this point ask that this board put in a participation level of 50% of whatever those costs are. My question is, has the Holy Cross Neighborhood Association been involved in any of these discussions that I don't think we can dictate to them what their participation level will be? I don't think we can go to the whole- I don't think we can send a mandate to the Holy Cross neighborhood. You can't. And this wouldn't do that. This would say that, you know, if the Holy Cross Neighborhood Association decides that they're going to have no established law enforcement detail program, then he doesn't have to pay it. Mr. Wellman's clients don't have to pay a dime. I mean, if they choose not to do that, that's certainly on them. We're not asking this board to order a neighborhood association to do anything. But if they should choose to do that, if they should choose to expend funds to protect their neighborhood, then we're going to have to- we're going to ask Mr. Wellman's clients to compensate them for that expense. Well, and I guess I wouldn't necessarily have a problem with requiring them to participate in the Holy Cross Neighborhood Association as a member of their neighborhood. The problem that I do have is dictating that they pay for the entire patrol service, because I think that is very onerous and they'd be the only person funding that. And when you say they, who you're talking- The bar. I'm sorry, the bar itself. And that's why I said if you want to put in a level participation at 50%, the city wouldn't have a problem with that. Okay. And I guess before I could be okay with putting a participation level percentage in, I need to know what it would cost. I mean, if it's going to be $2,000 a month and they're going to be charged $1,000 of that, that may be too onerous to me. I would like to have some idea of what this kind of cost would be. I think that's reasonable. I just wanted- And can we, maybe we can- And I don't know how we're going to do a judgment that's open ended like that. My only point to make was that we've already done this in other parts of the city and I would just ask it to be done at this part of the- Well, or could we do this? Can we, and I understand not having an open ended judgment, but I want to get this consent judgment signed because I believe that the defendant has agreed to having a security guard inside, doing a closing at certain times, having handheld metal detectors, having a litter abatement program. You're agreeing to everything in here. Everything? The only thing is the cost of that patrol is bankrupting. Dan, can we go ahead and enter this judgment as is written with the exception of the one paragraph about the Holy Cross Neighborhood Association, possibly get estimates for that and then come back and amend it if necessary to add a percentage? I would just request that we would- Let's just put this way. I would be more comfortable with the fact that we leave it in there, would put a participation level on there and give Mr. Wellman an opportunity to modify the judgment. The city wouldn't impose any motion to modify the consent judgment, but I'd certainly like something getting placed to help that neighborhood out. Well, let's do it without the paragraph then. Let's eliminate the paragraph. As you may recall, we spent a considerable amount of time hammering this thing out. We spent a considerable amount of time on this particular paragraph. The fact that we're back here doing it again is of concern to me. This bar has operated in such a manner as to cause a nuisance in that neighborhood. This bar has attracted people who have committed violent acts in that neighborhood. This bar has created a lot of problems for these neighbors and I would like to get something done today. I mean, this seems to be, we're just dragging this out. The board is certainly free to do whatever the board likes, but I don't know why I need to bring a motion to do something that should have been done, should have been finished last week. In fact, if we do, if we, in fact, the judgment like you're suggesting that they pay 50% of the cost and we leave here today and there's never a patrol association formed, then have we just not signed a judgment or agreed with a judgment that has no effect? I mean, you're just- I'm not sure if I follow your question. I hate to keep going back to the other. We can't say, hey, neighborhood, this is something you have to do. Right. Neighborhood, if this is something that you want to do and you have to, you have incurred or had to incur an expense because of the manner in which this bar operates, we're going to make sure that you're compensated for which you've had to expend. Okay. Fair enough. And that's what the board would be saying by that paragraph. If that neighborhood chooses not to do that, that is certainly up to the neighborhood association not to do those things. Does that mean that this board's judgment has no effect? No, because it has effect. I mean, you're participating. If they don't have a program, then he doesn't have any expense. If they do have one, if they start one, you know, if it takes some time and it takes them three months to start a program, then that's when he would start participating in the program. What- are there other businesses that may participate in this program or is there a residence? You know, I- I'm just asking. I'm just asking. You know, I guess contractual relationships between parties. I mean, I think anybody could say, hey, y'all are starting a program. Does the Washateria on the corner want to jump in and help do that as well? I can't see why they could not do that. No, all I'm asking is, are there other businesses in that vicinity that may be willing to participate? Not that- I'm trying to think of what I know right there in that area. I know that there's a church block up. I know there's a lot of residential. But there's no other businesses in that immediate vicinity. I'm not going to say there's not, but I- as I'm picturing it in my head, sir, I can't think of any that are currently right there. I may, of course, be wrong, but I know there's a bar and I know there's a church and I know there's happiness. Okay. Understood. Can I ask? I mean, I note that there are several people here still in the audience. I assume some on this matter. I just wonder if there's anybody here who is a member of or officer of the Neighborhood Association. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. If you'd like to hear from them. Okay. For the record, my name is Jean Anderson and I would like to say I'm on my lunch hour for the record. I wanted to address some of the concerns that you all have talked about as it relates to the nuisance laws and things that the bar has done to comply with. One of the main things that they've done is the beautification based on Holy Cross requests. They have increased the lighting that was done from the Holy Cross requests as well as this board. They're paying for now lighting, extra lighting to light up that area for security reasons. They have security cameras in the building to record and the police in the fifth district they've spoken to have access to those cameras. They have a wand to go over the person's personal to see if they are in, and this is the wand here, to go over the person's personal for any illegal materials that come in the building. As it relates to the shooting, I think that what we need to do is understand where the shootings happened. The shootings did not happen in the bar. They happened in the block of where the bar is. And I'll be on the court. At this time I'm going to make an objection. And I don't know if Ms. Anderson is speaking on behalf of the neighborhood association. I can tell you I've had multiple conversations with officers. We've spoken with and met with the neighborhood association. Excuse me, please. Can we stop, please? Mr. Chairman, I'm sorry. I'm going to sustain your objection. Thank you. Okay. The issue before the board today, and I appreciate the neighbors being here, this is not a hearing on whether or not the bar is a nuisance. Okay. We heard that last month. And we entered into a consent judgment. And there are certain things I think that both Council agree on that were nuisance producing things that needed to be addressed. There was a consent judgment entered into at that meeting. That's what we're here to discuss today. Just the content of the consent judgment, not whether or not there's a nuisance and not whether or not there have been some items to address that. We can't, it's not fair to the city. They have not prepared with witnesses to come and talk. We're not here to litigate the issue. All we're here to do is talk about the content of the consent judgment. Well, may I address the content of the consent decree that's on the table right now as it relates to security for the Holy Cross Association, which I am attending those meetings. They do not have a security company. We are not a security district. Would that require Holy Cross to become a security district to have their own personal police in that area? No. That answers one question. Can you please state your affiliation with the Holy Cross neighborhood district? I live in the Holy Cross district. So are you a member of- And I attend the Holy Cross meetings and we are paying our membership. We intend to pay the membership. So you're- I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm trying to get, are you speaking on behalf of the neighborhood association? I'm speaking, they said if anyone in the community would like to say something is what I heard. I am a part of the community. But you're not speaking on behalf of the- No, I am not speaking on behalf of the Holy Cross Association. However, I do attend their meetings and are very familiar with the Holy Cross Association because I live two blocks from Mersey's Bar. All right. Just to clarify, you're not an authorized representative of the court member or president. No, I am not of the Holy Cross Association. I am representing my signature on that petition. I understand. Ma'am, here's the question is. I think that is on the table is does the Holy Cross neighborhood association have a patrol association? Simple question. Officially, I cannot say that they do or don't. You're not aware of one. But I am not aware of one and I do attend all of their meetings. I just didn't pay the $20 a year. Okay, I understand. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. All right. I think the question was is anybody present today that is a member of the Holy Cross neighborhood association? Correct. And that answer is no. Correct. Correct. Okay. All right. But I can represent to the board that I have been in contact with members of the Holy Cross neighborhood association and members of I believe of their board who continually express interest in this and want to know when there's going to be resolution of this matter. I've received phone calls and emails to that effect. And so those people who I know for a fact who are representatives of that organization are contacted me and very interested in what happens today. All right. Well, let's I think Mr. McNamara, your motion on the table is to amend this judgment. Number one, the non-controversial part of it is that the closing hours, correct? That's correct. And this city has no objection to Mr. Wellman's, I guess. That was his recommendation. I have no objection. I'm not required to open to stay up until 11. That's amenable to everyone. Okay. The second issue with regard to the provision of the security detail, would you like to make a motion with regard to that language? At this time, I would ask that the paragraph referencing the Holy Cross neighborhood association established law enforcement officer detail program be amended to replace the word the A. So to reach up, participate in a Holy Cross neighborhood association established law enforcement detail program to protect patrol within a three block radius of the establishment. I would also recommend amending that to put a participation level in there that the permittee will participate at a level of the 50% of the cost of said program as an additional notice in that paragraph. Dan, I understand your position that you don't think the owner should be on the city. If I remove this whole paragraph, you shouldn't be on the city to come back and ask that it be amended to bring in the participation level of the bar owner. And I agree. The city brought this case before us and agreed to a consent judgment. That being said, I think 50% is a little high not knowing how much it's going to be. And I would propose, number one, that the bar join the mandated that they join the neighborhood association at $20 a year dues. Additionally, I would put a 25% participation level in. That being said, if they decide to implement a patrol, you get the cost and it's unreasonable. The onus is in on the bar to come back and petition the city or to petition the board to amend the judgment to bring it down to a lower cost. My only issue with that is kind of got to where you were before. Certainly the individuals may be able to join the neighborhood association. I don't know if a business can join a neighborhood association. But if the sole proprietorship. They usually can, but it is generally a higher rate, maybe $50 instead of $1 or whatever they have. But Mr. Wellman is representing that this is a sole proprietorship and it is, I'm sorry. Then that's certainly not right. The city's agreeable to that. All right, then would you pre reform the motion? Mr. McNamara. All right, let's see if I can get this. I don't have to do the part about the A and the the again, do I? I'm just going to amend the last. Just why don't you just do the whole thing. If you want to, I'll do it. Okay. At this time, the city is proposing that we in the paragraph regarding the HCNA law established law enforcement officer detail program to the first sentence of that paragraph to read is further ordered to judge and decreed that the defendant Mercedes Gibson doing business as Mercedes place shall participate in a holy cross neighborhood association. HCNA established law enforcement officer detail program to patrol within a three block radius of the establishment. I would also ask that prior to the last sentence of that paragraph, the following words be entered the permit. T Mercedes Gibson shall try to think of how you want to say this, Ms. Scott, shall, shall become a member of the holy of a holy cross neighborhood association and shall participate up to 25 percent. The permittee shall directly reimburse, comma, up to 25 percent. The HCNA for the cost associated with the neighborhood detail program. City's agrees to that. All right. And would you also, as long as we're doing this, just to. The times. Yeah, address on the record. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. There's a couple of people talking. There's two paragraphs after that. The other thing needs to be addressed is the. Adhere to closing hours of no later than 11 p.m., Monday through Thursday and midnight, Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Is that correct, Mr. Wellman? Is that your request? That wasn't Mr. Wellman's question. Mr. Wellman was asking me if I was eliminating any other language in that particular paragraph. The answer to that is no. I think all the language is fine in that. The hours of patrol. Yes, I'm happy with those. OK. Just wanted to make sure you didn't eliminate anything. And that's acceptable to you, Mr. Wellman? Yes. And the other paragraph, Mr. McNamara? Was the one that you were referring to. I'm sorry. Two after that. Yes. So is it further ordered, Judge McCree, that the defendant Mercedes Gibson is doing business as Mercedes Place agrees that the establishment will adhere to closing hours of up to. No later than. No later than. 11 o'clock PM, Monday through Thursday and midnight, Friday, Saturday and Sunday. That's a great to the city. Mr. Wellman? Acceptable. All right. So is that you making motion board that the consent judgment be adapted to include those new terms and language, Mr. McNamara? Yes. And the city will prepare a judgment to that effect provided to Mr. Wellman and to the board. All right. Appreciate it. I'll entertain. Board vote motion. I move that the consent judgment be amended as discussed on the record. All right. Is there a second? All in favor? Aye. Opposed? All right. The motion passes and Mr. McNamara, you all will prepare a new consent judgment for signature by the. Be happy to do that. Thank you. Any other matters before the board today? Yes, sir. We do. As a matter of fact, I don't know what I've done with my docket. Can you hold on just a second? Let's see. Thank you, Mr. Wellman. Thank you, Mr. Wellman. Where is that? Here we go. Attorney page number three on the docket. Item number seven. Hearing number 05-13, city of New Orleans versus Solarium Entertainment Incorporated doing business at St. Rock Tavern. My understanding that the permittee is present in the chambers this morning. Can you hand me that file, please? Is there someone present on behalf of Solarium Entertainment? Make an appearance, please. Scott Silvey on behalf of John Marsiglian Associates. Ronald Wagasback, president of Solarium Incorporated. All right, Mr. Bagram. I received a letter from, I think Mr. Silvey's got a motion that he wishes to present. Do we have that? I don't know. I got faxed one yesterday afternoon. Which, styled as a letter, is essentially a request for a continuance, but I wanted to address some of the concerns with that. All right, Mr. Bagram, proceed. My law firm, my boss, John Marsiglian, is the experienced attorney with these matters. I am not. He fell and broke his hip and is actually in the hospital right now. He'll be out, the doctor says, sometime next week. We seek a continuance on the matter until the next meeting. He'll be able to attend it. The reason we didn't get involved until late, my client was served with mail, the notice, on at or around February 4th. They set up a meeting with Mr. McNamara for February 8th. Because of Mardi Gras, he was forced to push it to February 15th. They met with him on February 15th, believing they could resolve the matter. Unfortunately, that didn't work out. They came to us, we didn't receive this until yesterday morning. As a result, we basically had zero chance to investigate any of it. More importantly, my boss is the one who's going to need to handle it. This being, is the petition, you were served with the petition yesterday? Is that what you're saying? No, no. Our office received it yesterday. My client was under the impression he could resolve the matter with the city. Okay, I understand. All right. He was served with it some time ago. Negotiations failed and your office was brought in as counsel of record, supposedly, yesterday. Yes. Yes. You were requesting a continuance on that ground. Yes. Has this matter been continued before? No. All right. Mr. McNamara. Thank you, sir. In fact, I believe this matter has been continued once and for, but I think that was on the city's, it might have been on the city's motion. As you may be aware that this matter first became before the board in 2011, there was a consent judgment between the city of New Orleans and the parties involved in this matter. It's the city's position that the permittee has failed to do any of those things that were required of him on the consent judgment. Now, I know that Mr. Silvio has just gotten in this case of late, but I have some issues with some of the representations that he made. I'm certainly sure that he got those from his clients. But let me just point out to where they were in error. I did meet with the permittee, and I told the permittee that if the permittee wishes to reach some kind of resolution in this matter, that the city is willing to do that, short of revocation, that the city is willing to do that, but the city wanted the direct input and involvement in front of, with the board, because we've already been down this road before with this permittee. We've tried to work out a consent judgment, and they just thumbed their nose at it and did nothing on there. And I said, I'd be more than willing to meet you today. I was first contacted yesterday morning by Mr. Chick Foray. I was actually called by the permittee, and he handed the phone to Mr. Foray. I said, Mr. Foray, I'm happy to meet and discuss and work out a resolution. I want that done tomorrow, because this has been going on way too long with this establishment. If we're going to do that, let's do that tomorrow. Mr. Foray said he was going to get back and touch Mr. Mee later in the day. Apparently, at that time, the permittee went to Mr. Marsiglia's law firm and met with Mr. Sylvie. This was yesterday? That's correct, sir. At that time, I told Mr. Sylvie, as I had told Mr. Rwagasback, as I had told Mr. Foray, and as I also told Mr. Sylvie, I'm more than willing to work out a compromise in this matter if we can do so, but I'm only doing that tomorrow in front of the board. To say that we're unable to do that, that's just not accurate. I was more than willing to do that, but again, considering that we've been down this road before with just the two of us doing it, and it seems to not have worked out, I wasn't going to do that without the board. However, I understand that Mr. Mee is having a very significant surgery, but we're ready. We've got a witness here. We've got a consent judgment. I think we can go through item by item on the consent judgment and see if anything's done about that, and I can rest assured that the answer is going to be no. We don't have it in front of us, so I don't know what's on the consent judgment. Was there a line for enforcement for noncompliance with the consent judgment? There was a minimum of a 45-day suspension plus any other remedial sanctions that the board sought to impose. If the board is inclined to grant the continuance in this matter, I would request that this board consider ... I think I'd be less concerned if they were A, not operating while that continuance was put. When was the permit he served with the petition? I'd have to check service, but I know that we initially filed in ... I believe February 4th, is it out or around? I think February 4th is when he received the amended petition. He had received the other petition prior to that date. All right. Okay. Sometime in January for today's hearing date? Not that I'm aware of, Your Honor. I think it might have been even earlier than that. I think it might have been in December. Chris, you know? Right. There was no service made on the original petition, but the amended petition was received by them. On February 4th? It was returned to our office on February 14th. What's the signature date? Four days ago. He doesn't have one. Well, we certainly know that he was, sir, because he's been in my office. Okay. I've talked to two lawyers about the thing. I'm going to entertain a motion. From my understanding that it's correct that this is the defendant's first motion for continuance? To my knowledge, Your Honor. All right. And just to, in terms of the preliminary discussion before I entertain a motion, the board may want to ask some discussion. This board takes very seriously. We spend a lot of time, and the city's office spends a lot of time, and presumably the defense spends a lot of time crafting consent judgments. And that is our favored way to resolve the issues that come before this board for a variety of reasons. Number one, it's a lot less onerous on the citizens to sacrifice their time to come and testify and be heard. It lessens the burden on the police officers that we have to take off the street to come here and testify and take up part of their day. So when there's a consent judgment entered into this board takes it very seriously. And whether or not we vote and agree to grant a continuance matter, if we find that there has not been compliance with the consent judgment that was agreed to by the parties, you can expect this board to take it very seriously and apply whatever remedies are set forth in that consent judgment. That being said, I'll open it up for any further discussion by the board and or motion. Mr. Sidell, could we do another roll call now that Mr. Dinkins? I'm sorry, certainly, please. Chairman Rodney Sidell, present. Vice Chair Nankaskar, present. Gwendolyn Hawkins, present. Robert Jenkins, present. Nicholas Richard, present. Jerry Spirit, present. Six members, we have a quorum. Thank you. Any discussion from the board on this matter or motion? I mean, just to echo your sentiments. I mean, I appreciate the efforts the city goes to to negotiate consent judgments. We never like to shut a bar down, but we do take consent judgments very seriously. And I would recommend that if none of or even one of the requirements of the consent judgment has not been met, that they be done, that they be met before this next hearing. Or there will be serious repercussions. All but one, all but one has been done. You know, hold on. I'm not going to. March 19th. We're not in a position to take testimony today, Dan. I'd sure love to know when you come. All right. Is there any further discussion from the board? All right. I'll entertain a motion with regard to this matter. Sure. Sure. If the board is inclined to grant the continuance, as I suggested, I would ask that they be, you know, if they want to agree not to be open until the pendency of that thing, I think that can be done. Other than that, I would ask that they have no music. Noise has been a tremendous problem with this establishment. So I would ask that there be no live music or recorded music during the period of time between this and the next hearing. Do they have a live music permit? Yes, they do. They do. They do. Okay. My own just thought about that is that that's a matter that is going to need to be taken up in the hearing. But that being said, if that is part of the consent judgment and, you know, and that is not being adhered to and is not adhered to between now and March 19th, that the repercussions on the on the on the bargain be severe. So with that as a warning, I don't know that we really can rule on or require them to go outside the consent judgment prior to hearing testimony on the matter. Well, I think I think my warning is well taken. I think they can certainly do that if they, you know, they can certainly comply with that if you if you requested them to do so. We expect that you don't wish to request that I respect. Well, just right there. But again, if we're going to continue the matter, we're going to continue it. What we would expect them to do is comply with the strict letter of the consent judgment. And if that's not done and has not been done to date and is certainly if it's not done between now and the next hearing date, the repercussions will be severe. All right. I also just want to point out for the record that there are there is a member of in the audience who's took time out of his day today to come and testify before this board. They actually even knowing that there might this matter might be continuous. He's OK. Fell so strongly that he wanted to take his time out to come today. All right. Thank you very much for attending. As you've heard, we're going to go ahead and talk about and maybe Mr. Jenkins. Well, I was thinking that perhaps we could at least take that testimony and preserve it. They would have to come back. It's up to we be able to come back and visit with us next month. No, he was going to testify. Well, you could take his testimony today. I don't know how we can. Back on. OK. Hello. Testing. OK. All right. Anyway, what I was saying was that thank you very much for attending today. Sometimes we have to move things for reasons beyond our control. So if we do vote in this matter, I'm very hopeful that you'll be able to attend the next meeting. At least other people with similar interests will be able to attend and testify. Any further discussion? I want to take a motion with regard to this matter. Is there a second? All in favor? Aye. Opposed? All right. Other number 05-13A, solarium entertainment, Inc. DBA St. Rock Tavern. This matter has continued until March 19th. Will defendants wave service? Yes. OK. Mr. Selvie? Yes. Wave service, agreed wave service? Yes. All right. And so we will anticipate that we'll have a hearing on this matter on the March 19th hearing date. Is there any further matters, Mr. McNamara? Yes, sir, there is. Thank you very much. See you March 19th. We have one other item on the docket. On page 4, item number 9, hearing number 07-13A, hookah cafe, LLC doing business as the hookah. Do we know if there is service in this matter? No service was made. OK. We're going to ask that this matter be reset until the March 19th hearing date and we would ask that the parties be reserved. We would also ask that the parties be served by certified mail to the establishment as well as to the registered agent for service. Was there a return to service? Was there a problem with service or just was not? Service just wasn't made but it came back blank. OK. All right. Mr. McNamara has suggested a remedy to that situation so I'll entertain a motion with regard to this matter. I move that hearing number 07-13 be rescheduled for the March 19th, 2013 hearing date. Is there a second? All in favor? Aye. Opposed? All right. All right. Matter number 07-13A, hookah cafe, LLC, DBA, the hookah is continued until the March 19th hearing date with service to be reissued. That concludes today's docket. Yes, sir. All right. And let's hear the tax hearings, ratify the tax hearings, please. I call all beverage control board tax hearing 2C February the 19th, 2013, 1150 A.M. Hearing number 9-94-12, permitting LKM daiquiris, LLC, doing business as Ricks Daiquiris. That matter will be continued until 3-19 service wave. Hearing number 194-12 tax hearing permitting Gavo LLC, doing business as the line. Consent judgment $600 payable in 30 days. Hearing number 221-12 tax hearing permitting LKM daiquiris LLC, doing business as Ricks Daiquiris. This matter will continue until March 19, service waived. Hearing number 236-12 tax hearing permitting EPK LLC, doing business as the green room. This matter will be continued until March 19, service waived. Hearing number 02-13 permitting Finnely and Bailey LLC, doing business as Mike's East West. This matter will be continued until March 19, service waived. Hearing number 03-13 tax hearing permitting Puncha Train Senior Living Services, LLC, doing business as the Puncha Train. This consent judgment, $1,600 payable in 60 days. Hearing number 05-13, District B permitting South Peters LLC, doing business as Mison 923. This matter has been continued until March 19, service waived. Hearing number 09-13, permitting Club Good Times 2 LLC, doing business as Club Good Times, this matter will be continued until March 19 with service. Hearing number 10-13, permitting Interstate Management Company LLC, doing business as HG New Orleans Convention Center. This matter will be continued until March 19 with service. Hearing number 11-13, permitting Mighty Mississippi LLC, doing business as Saint Lawrence. This has been entered into consent judgment $1,100 payable in 30 days. Hearing number 17-13, permitting Vasco Vasco LLC, doing business as Vasco. This matter was entered into a consent judgment of $1,400 payable in 30 days. Hearing number 21-13, permitting 620 Decatur Bar, LLC, doing business as Jackson Brewery Bistro Bar. This matter has entered into a consent judgment $600 payable in 30 days. Hearing number 22-13, permitting 8200 Willow Street, Willow LLC, doing business as the Frat House Uptown. This matter has been continued until March 13 with service. Hearing number 23-13, permitting 333 Bourbon Club LLC, doing business as Bourbon Rocks. This matter has been continued until March 19 with service. Hearing number 2413, permitting Soulmates LLC, doing business as Jimmy's J Cafe. This matter entered into a consent judgment $1,600 payable within 30 days. Hearing number 25-13, permitting Bourbon Live LLC, doing business as Bourbon Live. This matter has been continued until March 19 with service. Hearing number 2613, permitting Noel Real Estate LLC, doing business as Class 4 House. This matter has entered into a consent judgment $400 payable within 30 days. Hearing number 27-13, permitting Fleur de Lis Beverage Management LLC, doing business as Cork and Bottle. This matter will be continued until March 19, 2013 with service. Hearing number 28-13, permitting ENC VIP LLC, doing business as ENC Lounge. This matter was entered into a consent judgment of $700 payable in 30 days. Hearing number 29-13, permitting Tonga NHI Incorporated, doing business as Lees Grill and Seafood. This matter has been continued to March 19 with service. Hearing number 30-13, permitting Ball's Place LLC, doing business as Mardi Gras Lounge. This matters entered a consent judgment $600 payable within 30 days. Hearing number 31-13, permitting Hopper's Wines and Spirits LLC, doing business as Hopper's Cart Desk VIN VINs. This matters entered a consent judgment $200 payable within 30 days. Hearing number 32-13, permitting Tony and Johnny Lee LLC, doing business as Super Cajun Seafood. This matters entered a consent judgment $200 payable within 30 days. Hearing number 33-13, permitting Fleur-D'Lee Beverage Management LLC, doing business as Cork and Bottle. This matter will be continued until March 19 with service. Hearing number 34-13, permitting Seals Class Act LLC, doing business as Seals Class Act. This matters entered a consent judgment of $400 payable within 30 days. Hearing number 35-13, permitting Aiden and Perkins LLC, doing business as Kathy Istanbul. This matter will be continued until March 19 with service. Hearing number 36-13, permitting Howard Lee Consulting Services LLC, doing business as Victory Victory. This matter will be continued until March 19 with service. Hearing number 37-13, permitting Froy Free Air Market LLC, doing business as Froy Free Air Market. This matter was entered into a consent judgment $900 payable within 30 days. Hearing number 38-13, permitting Annette Restorant LLC, doing business as Nosh. This matter has been continued to March 19 with service. Hearing number 39-13, permitting Cajun Bourbon LLC, doing business as Old Nalins Cookery. This matter will be continued until March 19 with service. Hearing number 40-13, permitting U-Bour LLC, doing business as Avenue Bar and Restaurant. This matter will be continued until March 19 with service. Hearing number 41-13, permitting D-Fresh LLC, doing business as Bootleggers. This matter will be continued until March 19 with service. Hearing number 223-12, tax MJM Enterprise Investments LLC, doing business as Mickey Vio's Place. A consent judge was entered in for $700 payable within 90 days. These are your tax hearing for today. All right, thank you very much. I'll entertain a motion with regard to the tax hearings. I move that the minutes from the February 19, 2013 tax hearing be adopted. Is there a second? Second. All in favor? Aye. Opposed? All right, the tax hearing, judge will be ratified. So the board vote. Is there anything further to come before the board today? All right, I'll entertain a motion. I move that we adjourn. Is there a second? All in favor? Aye. Opposed? All right, the Alcohol and