 24 is now called to order. City Attorney. Good morning. Jasmine Bandy on behalf of the city of New Orleans. Number one on the docket 10-24 the Wisdom Reception Center LLC doing business as the wisdom. The city would like to amend its petition against the wisdom to reflect four months delinquency of sales tax of sales of alcohol without a license instead of the 12 months that it previously filed. The parties entered into a consent judgment in the amount of $800 payable within 30 days to the Department of Safety and Permits. Okay the consent judgment in the amount of $800 payable within 30 days is granted. Thank you. Hearing number 20-24 Ryan Pie Pisa LLC doing business as Takira LaLucha. The city would like to amend its petition against Takira LaLucha to reflect 15 months delinquencies of non-payment of taxes. The parties entered into a consent judgment in the amount of $4,800 payable within 180 days to the Bureau of Revenue and then the parties entered into a consent judgment in the amount of $2,600 payable within 120 days to the Department of Safety and Permits all for a total amount of $7,400. The consent judgment and you said a total of $7,400? Yes. Okay the consent judgment total in $7,400 is granted. Thank you. Hearing number 22-24 Perkoff LLC doing business as next to nothing. The city was unable to affect adequate service on this entity and would like to request a continuance to the 12-17 docket in order to perfect service. The matter is continued to the 12-17 docket. Hearing number 23-24 LaMornier the Bienville Club Bar LLC doing business as Bienville Club Bar. The entity is represented by Attorney Justin Smit who was recently appointed. The city would like to request a continuance to allow the parties to resolve this matter to the 12-17 docket. This matter is continued to the 12-17 docket. It's LaMornier. Hearing number 24-24 Bywater Brewing LLC doing business as Rampart Treehouse. The parties entered into a consent judgment in the amount of $200 payable within 15 days to the Department of Safety and Permits. The consent judgment in the amount of $200 payable within 15 days is granted. Thank you. Hearing number 26-24 The Velvet Cactus LLC doing business as Velvet Cactus. The parties entered into a consent judgment in the amount of $400 payable within 30 days to the Department of Safety and Permits. The consent judgment in the amount of $400 payable within 30 days is granted. Thank you. Hearing number 28-24 Circle K Stores Incorporated doing business as Circle K number 270-7673. The parties entered into a consent judgment in the amount of $400 payable within 60 days to the Department of Safety and Permits. The consent judgment in the amount of $400 payable within 60 days is granted. Hearing number 29-24 Kazameza Cafe doing business as Polito Azucar. I would like to offer file and introduce certificate of service on Polito Azucar dated 10-7-2024 and I would also like to amend the petition against Polito Azucar to reflect three months delinquency of sales of alcohol without license. We're going to move forward with the hearing. Okay. And I don't believe the representative of the entity is here. You're here for okay. I apologize he is here. Kazameza. You could right there in the middle and state your name and address. First name Yasser Mohammed address 1138 St. Louis New Orleans Louisiana. 1138 St. Louis you said. 1138 St. Louis. Okay. And just to reiterate the city is amending its petition to reflect three months instead of the 12 months that it originally filed against this entity. I have Philip here from safety and permits to testify as to the three months. Hey how you doing? Three months is correct for that month. State your name for the record. Philip Hampton's Department of Safety and Permits. Department of Safety and Permits. Okay. And as a violation of three months we would like to seek the maximum penalty of $500 per month. Sir, Mr. Yasser. Yasser? Yes sir. Okay. Do you have any response? What would you like to add? They're saying that you're three months you didn't pay for three months of taxes correct? City Attorney. Yeah. Three months right. Uh so without sell of alcohol without a proper license for three months. I'm sorry. Sale of alcohol without a license for three months. No we we do have a license. It's it's the license is up to date. The alcohol license. If I'm not mistaken but it's. I believe they are up to date. They just were delinquent in paying for three months. Give me the three months that they were delinquent. So correction. They do not have a city ABO. They are late for June, July and August. They don't have a current ABO. They don't have a city. Am I up of state? Okay. City they do not have a current ABO license? Not with the city. Not with the city. Mr. Azur. Yes. Okay. They're saying you don't have a current license with the city. We should have ma'am. You have anything with you that shows you have anything? No. Give him a second. He's looking. Do you have a record of the last time you paid or making regular payments? Yes. He's looking for it. Okay. State your name and address for the record. My name is Eglen. Eglen Geddy and the address is 1138 St. Anthony, New Orleans, Missiana. Okay. And what's your role with the company with Kazamiza Cafe? I'm the manager now. Okay. I'm looking for the pictures on my phone right now. Okay. And give me your name again, sir. Eglen. E-D-W-I-N-G-U-I-T-Y. Okay. You've located anything, city attorney? Miss Bandy. We were just confirming that they do not have a city ABO, but they do have their state ABO, which may be the confusion today. Okay. So did you know you have to have a city license? Yes. You do? Yes. You want to... I think I'll get it. Make another court date? Because we had all the licenses and we got all the licenses and everything's in the world. So I don't know if you want to give me that because I was trying to look for the pictures on my phone and I can find them, but everything's in there. Is anyone there that can send you the picture of your license? No, not right now because I'm here right now. Oh. So I got the key. Can we get another court date or something to get the documents or... What's your pleasure, city attorney? The city is willing to continue to the next docket to give them opportunity to defend themselves. Okay. So it will be continued to the December 17th docket. Bring all your documents with you. Any license that you have, make sure you bring a copy of them as well. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. All right. December 17th, are they going to get another notice? We will serve you notice with the new date. All right. Thank you. You're welcome. You're free to go. All right. Have a good day. Hearing number 30-24, Circle K Stores Incorporated doing business as Circle K, number 2707672. The parties entered into a consent judgment in the amount of $400 payable within 60 days to the Department of Safety and Permits. The consent judgment in the amount of $400 payable to safety and permits in 60 days is granted. Thank you. Hearing number 31-24, Nathan J. Pete Sr. doing business as Pete's Bar. I'd like to offer, file, and introduce certificate of service on Pete's Bar dated October 7th, 2024, and we will move forward with the hearing. Is Pete's Bar... Anyone here for Pete's Bar? Okay. Come to the microphone. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. In the middle. There you go. State your name and address. Nathan P. Sr., address 1801 Old Roman Street. City Attorney. The city has filed a petition against Pete's Bar for a delinquency of 13 months of sale of alcohol without license. I have a Philip here from safety and permits to testify to those 13 months. Yes, that is correct. The last ABO expired May 31st, 2023. I also have... Wait, give me that date again. I'm sorry. Sorry. The last ABO expired May 31st, 2023. Okay. I also have one month delinquent occupational license and one month nonpayment of tax and delinquent sales tax, and I have a representative from revenue to testify to those two months. Give him one second. Give us one minute. Okay. I'll start off. The city is going to amend its petition to reflect no delinquencies for the occupational license and no delinquencies for the nonpayment of sales tax. The representative from revenue is going to testify to the fact that they are now current. Okay. State your name for the record. Karen Fortuna. Okay. Go forward. Go ahead. Well, as of yesterday, the taxpayer is now compliant, but they were delinquent. Okay. And so now our petition only reflects the 13 months for safety and permits. Okay. Thank you. Mr. Pete. I only was going to see when I went to get my bill license. The lady took all my, my, my life, the application and, and, and I'm saying she said, she couldn't tell me how much I owe. So she took all my stuff and she said she was going to call me to tell me how much I was going to have to pay. That was across the street on the other side of all this. I said she never called me. I don't remember getting no call or I missed it. I apologize. I missed it. But and that was in regard to what the, uh, bill license, the beer license, right. The sale of alcohol, um, without a proper license. What was the name of the representative that you spoke with that safety and permits, sir? She was a lady, a black lady, but I don't know. Uh, I don't know. I didn't take her, uh, a name. Okay. But she was supposed to call me and give me the amount that I owe it because I had to check with me, but she wouldn't take it because she didn't know how much I really owe it. Okay. Uh, the representative from safety and permits has informed me that an email was sent to the property owner, um, reflecting what needed to be done on June 4th of this year. Also an invoice was mailed. And so the city is going to move forward with requesting, um, the maximum penalty for each month, which would be $500 per, per violation. When did you, Mr. Pete, when did you go to safety and permits? Me entire, I mean, it's hard for me to remember, but I'm saying, so my accountant gave me the, uh, the clearances in the, uh, the, uh, I can't talk too good. But anyway, soon they gave me the clearance and application. I went over there. I went here and they sent me across the street and the lady took my stuff and she said, you look, everything look good, but I don't know how much to charge you. I didn't understand it myself. So she said, leave me your phone number and I'll call you. But I never did get a call. I missed it. I can't say she didn't call me. I might have missed it. You know how long ago that was? Let me see what I got this NTC one. That would be the state. I apologize. We, the city doesn't call, um, entities. We are, are conformed of communication is via email. Okay. And you have the right, which email you sent it to, do you know? I don't know, but they got the application. I don't even have it. And the state is over there as well. Um, the state is 1450 portraits. I mean, uh, you know, 1450 portraits, Benson tower. And you all are next door. 1340 1340. Do you know if you went to Benson tower? Yeah, that's where I went. I think it was. That was the state. Okay. We apologize. We have a new system and we're still getting acclimated with it. I'm struggling to. My account and do all this for me for years. I don't know. It usually be on time. Okay. We have J O C A L L E G A R I at hotmail.com. This is that your email address? Yeah. Mr. Pete, my mail in address, your email. I ain't that good with the phones. I'm sorry. You don't have email. No, man. We have a lot of data. Someone else accept emails for you. I never did have an email. You never did. Microphone down a little bit because I can't hear you. There you go. I never learned how to work it. You don't want the phone to put it in there. Oh, I have to get my grandson or somebody to show me how to I could get it in there, but I don't have to get somebody to set it up for me. Did y'all mail anything to him? No, we just use the email on the application. Who completed your application for you? My accountant. What's your accountant's name? John Caligari. There you go. He might have had his email on it. I know I'm a big dummy. And he's still your accountant? Yes, ma'am. Okay. And what's your pleasure, city attorney? The city would still like to move forward with seeking the maximum penalty of 500 per month. And you're still in business, sir? Yes, ma'am. In light of all this, we're going to assess you a penalty of 200 per month, payable within 120 days. And I'll pay it today. I got a check. I got it paid today. They love to accept it today. So that would be like 600? That's the safety and permits, correct? Correct. And I will type up a judgment reflecting the same. Okay. 200 per month for 13 months. So the permit needs to come to 1340 Porges Street, suite 800. Did you hear that? Go to 1340 Porges Street? 1340. I thought it was going to be 600. I know I got that, but 1340 Porges. Sweet. 800. 200 times 13. And how long I have? 140 days. 100. What did I say? 100. 120 days. The total is 2,600. Yes. 120 days. Okay. Well, thank y'all. Okay. Get on your accountants. Tell them. Sorry. I think you told us emails. Yeah. I'll need a way to communicate with you. What you say? I will need a way to communicate with you. If email is not the best, can you please give me your phone number so that we can meet up and execute? Okay. 504-249-9669. Thank you so much. Okay. So I got 21 days. 120 days. 120 days. Okay. 2,600. Thank y'all. Thank you. Somebody will explain that over there. I think he's older. Okay. Hearing number 32-24, Broadside New Orleans, LLC doing business as the Broadside. The parties entered into a consent judgment and the amount of $600 payable within 15 days to the Department of Safety and Permits. The consent judgment and the amount of $600 payable within 15 days is granted. Hearing number 33-24, Full Borg, Fresh Market, LLC doing business as Full Borg, Fresh Market. The city would like to request a continuance to the 1217 docket to allow the parties additional time to resolve this matter. This matters continue to the 1217 docket. Hearing number 34-24, DKB Group, LLC doing business as NSFW. The entity is represented by attorney Robert Ellis Jr. who has just been appointed and the city would like to request a continuance to the 1217 docket to allow the council to adequately defend his client. The matters continue to the 1217 docket. Hearing number 35-24, Pavlos Inc. doing business as Russell's Marina Grill. The parties entered into a consent judgment and the amount of $600 payable within 15 days to the Department of Safety and Permits. The consent judgment and the amount of $600 payable within 15 days to safety and permits is granted. Hearing number 36-24, New Orleans City Park Improvement Association. The parties entered into a consent judgment and the amount of $2,400 payable within 60 days to the Department of Safety and Permits. The consent judgment and the amount of $2,400 payable within 60 days to safety and permits is granted. Hearing number 37-24, Co-Jack Investments of Harrison, LLC doing business as another Broken Egg Cafe. The parties entered into a consent judgment and the amount of $800 payable within 60 days to the Department of Safety and Permits. The consent judgment and the amount of $800 payable within 60 days to safety and permits is granted. Hearing number 38-24, Co-Jack's Investment of Magazine, LLC doing business as another Broken Egg Cafe. The parties entered into a consent judgment and the amount of $800 payable within 600 days to the Department of Safety and Permits. 60 days, right? Correct. I said 600 days. I apologize. $800 payable within 60 days. The consent judgment and the amount of $800 payable within 60 days to safety and permits is granted. That completes today's agenda. I think she said it. A message is rubbed out. I have the original judgment. Hearing is adjourned. I have the original judgments for you.