 it shelter. roll call councilmember Harris present councilmember Druso absent councilmember King absent councilmember Green present councilmember Thomas absent we do not have a quorum that's okay let's get going I hate to keep people waiting so it is exactly one-on-one and I apologize for the mask everyone if you can't hear me let me know I had COVID last week and I'm trying not to infect anybody while I'm here. COVID is back. Dr. Vigno did it ever go away? No it never went away. Alright so good afternoon everyone today is Monday January 22nd this is the first quality of life meeting for 2024. During today's meeting we will receive updates on the city's ongoing data-driven efforts to reduce homelessness throughout through clearing encampments getting individuals housed. This critical issue has been a priority of mine since the beginning of my term and my office will continue to dedicate future quality of life meetings to receive these regular updates and quarterly check-ins from the individuals that are on the ground doing this important work. I want to note that two weeks ago we had a meeting council councilmember King held a community development meeting that focused specifically on the term a encampments. This meeting is going to go through the overall encampment decommissioning throughout the city. I have some questions as we move forward but why don't we go ahead and come have the presenters come up introduce yourselves and Anita I don't think there are any online comments are there okay great. Good morning. If y'all wouldn't mind introducing yourselves although you need no introduction. Nate Fields, Director of Home Services and Strategies for the City of New Orleans. Mandy Chapman, Sempo clutch consulting. Jenna Bagnow, Health Department. Thank you. I understand that y'all have a presentation to go through so why don't we roll through it and council members if you have any questions during the presentation why don't we go ahead and take those questions as they come and then of course there will be public comment at the end. Public comment is limited to two minutes per person it has to be germane to the topic. Thank you very much so we want to start off with just one thanking all of our partners who are been amazing part of this process and clutch consulting unity of great New Orleans and Travelers Aid. I am putting my name there. All right with that being said thank you to Councilman King and Green for helping us in some real tough situations recently. I really appreciate your leadership in that and helping us move things in the right direction. And I just pushed around button. There we go. Here we go. All right so we really want to do some high-level stuff and really talk about where we currently stand at, give you the ideas of the name of this initiative and how we branded it to move forward. Also the progress that we have made thus far and also where we are with the new encampment decommissioning model and what's next in quarter one. All right just want to let you guys know we do have a new brand and how we want to move this thing forward. New Orleans home for good. That's what we want to brand everything we move forward with and also want to once again just highlight public and private sector collective for all of the work they've done to make this initiative happen. So just want to just give them a shout out again. And here we are with the highlights and this initiative and the strategies. Still looking at that 1,500 individuals experiencing homelessness and trying to stabilize them. And you can see how it benchmarks there at the bottom from 2023 and beyond. We are trying to get all of those persons targeted in encampment, coordinated housing and navigation for all unhoused persons and moving forward accelerating exits into housing from shelters. All right in the progress and 2023 quarter four tested and navigated challenges in the encampment model and the decommissioning model site one complete. Of course we have some issues in site one which caused some delays in execution of site two but we are on track and moving in the right direction. Our partnerships have been amazing. They've been so amazing that we were able to at this point in time able to house 76 of those individuals from the encampments directly into housing from the work that we started back in October. And on our fundraising side we were able to get 655 K 500 K was committed from the city side and we're moving in the right direction towards that two million needed to do the work that we need for the entire community to get to that 1500 number. Can you explain what the flex funds is number one and the number two I have a question about the choppatool is decommissioning. OK so the flex fund is movable funds that don't have barriers like the funding that we receive from HUD. The flex fund allows us to do move in kids furniture so that the person will move in the house and be established. It also helps with ID, birth tips or security card whatever barriers that might come up in the housing process. Are there opportunities for individuals who want to donate to give money to these flex funds. Absolutely. There is a multitude of opportunities for persons to give it to the flex fund. We are going to be building out a way for them to give electronically but right now they can reach out to be able to establish if they want to give for the flex fund. And they would reach out to Ganoff or United Way. Correct. OK. And then on the choppatool is encampment I had to field this question during a neighborhood association meeting two weeks ago but the rumor is that once the choppatool is encampment was cleared a lot of people were then scattered into the neighborhoods. Can you talk about that? Can you talk about the amount of people housed? Whether that rumor is true or if the people that are now in neighborhoods are just new people who are entering into homelessness. No. So from my understanding the folks that were at the encampment the original folks were the ones that we housed and focused on. It was 42 of those individuals. There are some persons who came up at the end of the encampment closure but those folks that we have stayed in contact with we have not lost measure with those individuals and they have not floated into the other communities. The folks are still connected to services and will be housed on the processes of us getting to them and based upon what they are in the housing process. Councilmember Green has a question followed by councilmember Thomas. Yes. Could you explain to the public the number fifteen hundred. Everybody associates homelessness with those persons who are on the street sleeping in tents or sleeping behind buildings. Obviously there aren't fifteen hundred who are doing that. Could you explain the numbers and where they come from. Yeah. So it's the breeding of resources. The fifteen hundred we have enough resources to be able to house up to fifteen hundred individuals. We'll be taking the resources that unity recently just received for the unsheltered no for grant. The revenue housing funds that we have and other different parts of funding to mesh those together to be able to house that amount of individuals as need. So experience. They're not all unsheltered. Say it again. They're not all unsheltered. I just wanted to explain to the public. For example are they housed at the mission are they housed at Odyssey House or they're housed at the home in. Yeah there will be a portion of this but we'll be coming from the shelter systems as well. Right. So in order to create system flow we have to create flow from the unsheltered and the persons who are shelter so that we can get the fifteen hundred number. Okay. If we had resources for fifteen hundred when you look at those and I'm in and you look at Odyssey House and you look at the mission and you look at all the places like that would that be enough to house all of those individuals if they were inclined to be housed. That's the goal. Yes. So to get I guess you know I guess I could ask it more directly because I don't want to put anybody's work under scrutiny. But for example the overall goal of the city would be that we don't need the New Orleans mission if you will for example because we found housing for those or is that going too far. Yeah we so we never want to get rid of our our groups and the mission has stepped in in a lot of ways to help and assist us. We don't want to subtract those groups. What we want to do is take these resources that we're trying to braid in to be able to grab individuals who are in those locations to connect them to services and then try to figure out how do we now move towards a diversion ideology versus what we're currently in which is we don't want to warehouse people for long periods of time. We want to get people off the streets into those services and right back at the house and without having too many breaks in the services. Okay. I understand the concerns of those in our city relative to housing but the reality is that in the short period of time that you've been with us working with the Health Department and others at least 76 individuals have been housed. That's great. Can you tell me how you found those apartments and how you worked through your staff to get landlords to accept the rents. So that has been an amazing work of the Unity's team. They have literally gone out, scoured and found all the housing units and also with the help of clutch team coming in to bring on more housing from the DDD. They have literally gone above and beyond to bring those units on and buying our way into the market. There's been some incentivizing that has been happening to whole units to also bring on the line more units that didn't exist prior to to make those units happen. So for landlords who have vacant units for example they have vacant units near Claiborne Avenue. There are units right across the street in the 1200 block of Claiborne or in other places. Could you talk to those landlords and tell them that if they are open and inclined to accepting a voucher or whatever is the title the vessel that is being used to get people into housing can you talk about what the long-term benefits are or what you will be doing to make sure that those who are unhoused who are getting into those units get the continuation of care that they need that will make a landlord feel comfortable accepting the voucher. I mean the biggest piece is you know sustained case management and continuous contact with the individual. That's the biggest piece but also you're talking about guaranteed rental for the remainder of that person's life as long as they choose to continue staying there. They always have rent paid and paid on time because we have great partners in unity and travel as they who have been really good and upfront about what that process looks like and also with the NOFA grant coming online that really helps them sustain. But the other piece is if persons want to be a part of that system I don't see either one of us turning down a unit that's usable for us to get people into housing. I think the most thing the hardest thing right now is that people are not so inclined to rent to this population because of issues that have happened in the past or maybe they've had problems during you know covid and issues that persons were receiving payment which I totally understand. But in this process here we are doing things a lot different and our partners are being very open about how we can assist them moving forward. Of course you know that that is a concern amongst many landlords. Absolutely. That there won't be that continuation of providing services to the tenants many of whom may suffer from mental challenges if you will or substance abuse and addictions and things like that. So you're saying basically to landlords who might want to continue to or might want to contact your office that between you unity and others who provide services clutch travelers aid that they can be assured that those who become tenants are cared for not just warehouse but that they're cared for. Yeah we are. That's the entire thing is that we're putting people to units faces to units and making sure that they know exactly who you're working with moving forward. We don't want to leave anybody in this process. Congratulations to you and to everyone involved with housing 76 people. I went on Saturday after an event after a zoo event and drove on play on avenue and it was so cold they were using fires to warm themselves up which is very dangerous. And also councilman King introduced some statistics recently showed the number of deaths that have occurred recently in encampments. What you're doing is very positive. Everyone associated with it. And when we talk about wanting to close encampments it's not necessarily because anybody has anything against anyone who's encampments. It's not at all that it's that exactly what I saw for example the dangers that are there the numbers that I see the bodies that I've seen the bodies that you've seen and I appreciate your commitment and compassion to wanting to do something about this because these are human beings and we want them to be in the best situation possible while also respecting the communities in which these encampments exist. So thank you for your work and your commitment. I have another question as we go along but I just wanted to ask that about those two numbers the 1,500 and congratulations on the 76. Thank you. Councilmember Thomas. Thank you chairman. First of all Mr. Fields thank you for the work that you're doing. I don't I don't think I've seen this conversation of this issue raised to this level especially not to the level of public discussion about solutions what do we do. It's challenging as it has been over the last couple decades because you know we solved it a long time ago and so for you it seems like to me for the first time because I was here when some of the people who were gonna solve it were here before when we thought we're gonna solve it right and it's not solved but but but to your credit I think I see even as painful as it can be and and for me I mean I gotta say this I tell people I'm old enough and at a point in my political life now where the politics versus the reality really doesn't it means more to me the reality and especially the way people try to label people or brand people depending what side you're on and something that's unfortunate to me is that the people who shine their halos right now seem to be as divisive as the people who didn't wear halos if you're not for everything I'm for or for any everybody I'm for then you must be against me and what I'm for and that's not the issue the issue is the effort to end homelessness and if we're not going to end homelessness what's the best possible product not people brandishing who's for or ganks but who's for if nothing else creating in America where people have the option to live in a safe space so I would hope that that kind of rhetoric would be displaced and misplaced with even the people who you think or against you know against you there for their family there for their business there for their spot on the sidewalk I did some research about homeless encampment encampments you know it's a lot of these social justice issues always seem to start in California decades ago a lot of these trend issues it's like people with recycling right whoever body wants to recycle but they forget to study 25 years ago in LA that says 70% of everything you recycle winds up in the landfill anyway but it's trendy to deal with that it's like it's trendy to shine your halo or lead with your heart and so who cares the most it's like some folks ain't my black blackening your black you only for black people 90% I'm from 95% that's just an example of where we are right now but my issue here is that I don't know that we live in a society in the country where we can solve this completely it seems to continue to ebb and flow New Orleans is always on this roller coaster and the thing that I've noticed and I do my own surveys right I keep hearing people saying well most of the people who are homeless live here I do my independent surveys the last three people I talked to in a row knocking on their tent door or talking to them on the corner there were three in a row Michigan Ohio Illinois so we keep saying that right but every time I do my own survey that is not the case now it doesn't mean they're not people from here who are challenged in terms of how they live where they live in housing but either my survey around and for folk who know me I'm kind of industry I'm kind of that dude in the community right so where do these surveys come from where they keep saying that the folk are mostly from here and why haven't I met met them mostly because my family one of the biggest in the city so who does these surveys that's a question I can just jump in so every year there's an annual point in time count that's done across the country on the same night and they survey folks and that's happening when soon actually and that gives us some sense of where people are from I'll tell you that the health department has done surveys in the past and while yes New Orleans when you compare to other cities because we have such an event economy there are more people here percentage wise than there are say in a Baltimore or Detroit or st. Louis or wherever else because some some people do come for the festivities and they stay for various reasons they get stuck they have substance abuse issues whatever but in the in the you know we are out there in the in the encampments pretty much every week for the last several years the majority of the people that we encounter are people who are from the region and or from New Orleans now in my 20 years of caring for homeless patients there is a lot of movement right so you may be from here and you are on the streets in New Orleans for 10 years but then you got a tip that your cousin's brother said come down to Florida it's raining milk and honey in Florida so you go to Florida you get stuck there at some point you make your way back but we have both issues the I think the the point is regardless of where they are from when they live on our streets in our encampments they become our public health crisis I want to make a difference with you there and you're right in terms of their part of our issue as a New Orleans family and our humanity but where they're from matters because they have a place they're from they have a family where they're from they have resources where they're from and I've had people forgotten that this community about a third of our people live at or below the poverty level that were stretched in terms of our resources do I have to cite the economic and in the social statistics for the last 50 years here that every time there's someone who's not from here if there's an option from them that that actually takes away especially given the limited resources for people who are and then what is one of the other histories of the city of New Orleans we take care of extra room you know family that's one of the things why people are not from here stay here so my point is I'm really tired of hearing people trying to pit this thing well most of the people are from here are not if it's going to be about taking care of people it should be about central based on our humanity in Matthew 25 and 35 hungry you fed me thirsty it gave me a drink sick and in prison you visit me you know I think it should be about that because I am really really really kind of getting turned off if someone who's adopted two kids pays a person vagrant to paid him to clean up a corner until he decided he wanted to build a heat pile I'm not person who give a damn so I would hope that this division and who cares the most and who's shining the hill the most has to stop but another thing that I'm curious about is that especially as I watch target encampments right and where folk go and maybe it's no it's really not him well it's really it's a mimetic of what happens around the country but he is specifically given what started with the legacy project 30 years ago watching it and watching it now why are certain communities more accessible to homeless encampments than others especially given it would it would seem to me like I'd want to be where more resources are on the lakefront on st. Charles not under me a possible night war where they popping up but it depends you just said something that's really important you said the resource depends on what that person see you the resource yes and if a person is dealing with addiction and they found that resource in that community that's what they're gonna migrate towards so we have to fix we have a lot of fights on our hands and that's one of the wish we need to fight on we're not saying to you that the folks will just go to a location is to go to a location if they feel that they are more accepted in that location that's what they're gonna migrate to and that's the reason why we have to work on getting to those different locations to deal with those different situations we are calling these encampments that we are now closing down public health crises and there's a crisis that's happening throughout the entire country well I'm not a great lawyer like councilmember Harrison councilmember King off but I rarely asked a question where I don't have an idea what the answer is and you answered it's where the drugs are it's where most of the social ills ills are it's where the alcohol is it's where the tobacco is and so the moral of that story to me is you're right so then why aren't we resourcing those communities to get rid of the drugs to get rid of the poverty because if we got rid of those things guess what council members they wouldn't target our communities so I want to see a more holistic picture painted here where folk aren't blaming people who are fighting for my mama and my aunt my mother's deceased now and the people I grew up with who owns businesses who are challenged and label us as we're anti-something when we're really for everybody and that we start to take a look at the root causes and how do we address them so that they don't not not only not target those communities but but what our houseless brothers and sisters don't become victims in those communities because I know a little more about what's happening with the drugs and the encampments and who involved and some of the stuff that's consequences of that that I would hope would be part of this discussion with the proper agencies so we could deal with it holistically I apologize for the amount of time that I took but I am I'm just at a point now where it's like this versus this and this one versus that one and that both don't work for me no more so is one of the reasons why we have started this work is that we are addressing all of those issues that you brought up it's not just saying that we're dealing with this to unhoused piece but we're dealing with every single thing that makes it a public health crisis including the removal of housing including the drug and the mental health issues all of those things are bundled into this package it's not separating any of those things and to get to a bound place we have to go to the base place first to get it to a bound so we're going to the lowest level to be able to bring it up I'm tired of New Orleans being the vile in the social science laboratory where it's green and they've been trying to dilute it and clear it up for 60 years right so everybody's been trying to say we're gonna clear up this issue we're gonna fix this issue and they've gotten billions over decades to do it from bad bill of boys and girls to crime to juvenile crime to homelessness and everybody's still getting paid but but but the but the liquid in the vial still green thank you councilmember Thomas I and and let me just add sort of out of turn we having walked the encampments know who the drug dealers are we know who they are that's why we need nopd to walk the encampments with us and to perform the stings that they need to perform I can tell you my chief of staff was with mr. Fields and got offered drugs so we know who they are we know that they're inhabiting tents to sell drugs and so again this is why we need nopd at the table and to understand that their role is necessary in ensuring that the resources are dried up and not there that center these encampments do y'all want to continue on yes so moving forward we wanted to hand it over to Dr. Vigno to the director of the council of the department of health department and the council actually worked to put forward have been taking a harm reduction approach and and remediating the immediate health hazards we knew that this was just a band-aid. We were never satisfied with this and until however, Mr Fields and some really direct targeted resources that the city brought to bear, it was sort of we did the best that we could with what we have. That's given us years and years of direct field experience with the conditions in encampments as well as our other expertise working in our health care for the homeless clinic and with hospitals. And so it's been very clear to us for for quite some time that not only is your risk of mortality, serious illness and injury elevated simply by being homeless, whether you are homeless on the street or in a shelter, there is great evidence to show that you will die earlier and you will suffer more health threats even with a brief period of homelessness. What we've seen and what some of the research bears out is that being in an encampment has its own unique set of conditions that raise the risk exponentially and the things that we see and we are not this is not a New Orleans problem. In fact it's much worse in many other parts of the country particularly in California where they have encampments of thousands of people. We see really ease of spread of communicable diseases, anything from GI disease to COVID and flu. There are diseases from rodents and other fleas and ticks and animals. Because of where these encampments are they are an incredibly high risk of motor vehicle collisions, those ones that are underneath the bridge. It's very easy if your tent is right on the edge to get pushed over to step over particularly where it's dark and be the victim of a serious trauma because again these are very very difficult places to live. The rates of assault are exponential and that is both violent blunt trauma assault but also sexual assault is incredibly women are at incredibly high rates suffering probably high rates of sexual assaults and then of course if we've talked about it there's a lot of co-occurring substance use. So when we really started to we understood that we were bringing this different model and implementing a new process that was going to do direct to housing encampment decommissioning we wanted to really prioritize those encampments for which we thought were under the greatest threat and we looked at overdose calls shootings and deaths in those particular encampments and that's really given us clear eyes as to number one the extreme danger that many folks who reside in some of our larger encampments face as well as the larger quality of life and risk to the general community around them and it gave us a real roadmap as to which to prioritize and how to prioritize them. So that's sort of forming the backbone of the efforts is that it is unsafe it is incredibly dangerous and high risk to be in one of these areas and so with these additional resources to bear putting folks with support in housing is going to significantly improve their health and life and of course by extension that is a very important part of the surrounding community. So in doing the closing of the encampment site by site is a clear breakdown of what we are working on for the new direct to housing and decommissioning model. One identify the encampment, two secure and inspect housing units, number three residents move in to subsidize housing with supports and lastly clean and closure of the encampments. Now this can vary from location to location. Typically we want to look at a four to eight week cycle but that can get up to a 12 week cycle depending on availability of housing and the breakdown of the encampment team and work. Um you know the leadership piece which has been really significant myself Dr. Vigno Allison who has been helping out greatly, Tyler Johnson Brown Taylor who has my deputy director who has taken on this project lead and working very closely with all of the great teams, clutch consulting who has been assisting us with all of the technical work that's needed to get to work on and of course our lead agency in unity and travelers aid who have been doing amazing work. Once again unity who has been doing amazing with the unity requisitions, travelers aid doing a lot of outreach and making sure that we have movement, transportation, etcetera, etcetera for all the individuals at each encampment location and then of course the closure maintenance which is a breakdown of a lot of things who have been amazing in this process to help department with clean ups, sanitation department with tent written trash removal, law enforcement helping us to keep the locations close and inactive and in private partners who have come on board and this definitely once again shout out the city council who have been stepping into making sure in the shortest process continues and this is a look of the first test site which is a choppatools encampment. Um you know very large area very easily seen 44 regular residents who were on his locations. Um you will see this from of course or any uh off ramp in that downtown location. But from the september 25th to November 17th 42 individuals housed closure maintenance again was New Orleans and company DDD Convention Center and OPD in a whole host of others. But uh outreach staff which was unity and travel is a um the housing locators from unity and um office of homeless services and five case managers from travel is a were huge and significant and making sure that this location was closed down um and continues to stay close to this day with all of those individuals successfully housed um and continuously working with us on all of the different services that they need um management and accountability. This goes back to the questions that happened earlier. Um housing teams are meeting uh three times a week with our staff for OHS us um daily on site management and uh from our office once again dealing with the trash individuals being moved in maintaining of contact with transparency with residents uh inform newcomers that the closure is taking place and that um if they're not connected to services they will be connected to services and how to connect to those services and the health department who continuously helps us clean and make sure that the areas stay maintain and clean. And this is a breakdown of the schedule tracker. Although we want to have a more former tracker, this is an idea of what that will look like in future locations as we continue doing the work. But site one did look similar to the which you currently see in front of the building. So closure maintenance once again led by our team was the help of the health department, law enforcement and council offices, neighborhood organizations. We were able to do some unique work within these locations and make sure that we got the locations closed down best we possibly could and kept the area clean and maintained. Um, signage was a huge piece to that. But to each area we won't have barricades and fencing because every location will be unique to itself when it comes to the closure and closure maintenance piece. So some areas will be signage and activation. Some places will require fencing. Some places will require different crisis interventions and specialists and outreach teams who can step in and intervene. But each location will be different. We are trying to get away from fencing as much as possible and trying to activate spaces more so they can be livable and useful spaces for the New Orleans who happen to live in those areas. And just to give you a visual, this is what it looked like prior to the closure of the encampment and how it looked after the closure of the encampment. But this is not the only success. And the one we did not take picture of because of the individuals that we move in. We want to keep their privacy as we possibly can. Um, was the person moving into the housing unit. So they went from living like this right into a housing unit. Nothing. There's a bigger success more than anything. And if you don't get that picture, then I don't know what other picture we can give you. But people are no longer living in these, um, you know, locations where they could have been killed or anything could have happened to them. That speaks values to us. And we learned a lot of lessons, right? We learned that, um, we cannot do simply this house people, right? We have to give them, you know, wrap around services. We have to make sure that they're in safer conditions and make sure they're taking care of and making sure that the partners stay connected to all of those services and delivery of the model. Um, we also need dedicated outreach for encampments. So on top of everything that we're already currently doing, we are also today adding on additional three average workers for our office at O H S s so that we can help with this work moving forward. We don't want this to be a one off. We want this to be a continued model. And the flex fund was the difference maker. Um, Unity's team was excellent in engaging with landlords and bringing a lot of this access to the market that didn't exist before and also looking into new, uh, landlords that didn't work with us before. And we need to continue these efforts and bringing on a flex fund. We are currently at 6 55. We want to get up to that two million points so that we can continue this effort and moving everything in the right direction. This is the site number two, the trim that, um, currently we have 77 regular stairs at the vicinity. 34 already housed and lots of tension structures and stuff have already started taking place and being cleaned up. Lots of movement happening within that two block radius. Um, and we will continue these doing the maintenance on this location. So five weeks from January 10th up to February 9th, uh, seven close maintenance partners. As you can see, all of the partnerships that are there and still we have our five outreach staff for union travelers, eight for housing, locators between unity, O H S s and five case managers with travelers, eight, um, doing this work and doing amazing work at it. Um, if you've gone past there lately, you see a traumatic change and what again can't, it used to look to where it currently is. And just to let you know, once again, like we said before, although, you know, um, outreach to housing is one of our processes. We also working on shelter into housing and what that process will look like. So we have a kind of drawn out timeline or what it could look like moving forward so you can see what the initial plan could look like in the future and how we can get to some progressive steps in that process and moving beyond. Um, but just to give you an idea, like if we stayed on the on the mark of where we're currently moving, this is what the intended outcomes could look like. What's next? Uh, initiative dashboard where you can actually see what is happening. Uh, timelines. You can also look into different ways that United Way is helping us. They were doing a website is going to be amazing. Um, developing that tracker is going to be amazing and just giving us a level of transparency that we currently need as a community so people can understand how we are proceeding forward and what's already taking place. Hug contract, nearly 15 million being executed, has been executed, creating 420 housing packages and providers will be hiring staff and accepting referrals to continue that great work has already started. Those housing packages are. Is that with habitat for humanity that you're working with for the housing packages, the housing packages that we have been actually purchasing those housing packages. Um, I don't think that we have been doing the habitat route this year. Okay, they are still partners of ours. Okay, good. I just wanted to make sure that they're still engaged. They're still they're still ready to go when you Mr Fields. Could you explain to the public the package again being what's encompassed in the package? Absolutely. So the housing package includes, um, dishware, you know, food preparation kits, blanket sheets, um, blow up mattress when they initially move in, which will eventually we have ordered furniture for them to move in. So they'll have a bed dresser and a table. Did everyone who was relocated where they offer the package? Yes. Right. So it's not just an apartment, but you're providing in a way some of the essentials that people need when they get into the apartment. Absolutely. And with the continued case management, that person needs assistance with groceries, foods or any other things that they're dealing with. They can still get those assistance through the case management. I'm trying not to be antagonistic, but the public needs to know that what was done at choppertools was done well. They were in apartments. They had packages available to them. I congratulate you and everyone associated with it. It's not that we can't learn and do different things, but it's much better than having statistics that continue to show people dying in those encampments. When I was there for the closure of the encampment, one of the things that I saw that almost became, um, a spectacle was the number of rats coming from tents into the streets. That's just not something that we should ever, ever accept no matter what the circumstances are, no matter what the issues are with regards to quote unquote housing or other issues. At the end of the day, people were dying in the encampments, and this is a way to reduce the number of people who are dying in those encampments. I appreciate your work. Thank you. You know, New Orleans is full of rats. Yeah, but you should have seen the rats coming out of places where people were putting their heads. Okay. So with that being said, many, well, it's really an it's been a pleasure working with this team and and the note that I think we wanted to offer is a little bit of perspective from the work that's happening across the country and where New Orleans is fitting within within that national work. And one of the things that I can say definitively is that the leadership that that this city has shown on this issue is really the difference maker. And I think you've echoed it, you know, in all of your comments here today. But I think it is what makes this community unique and is positioning this community to do things that other communities are not and and struggling to find the leadership necessary to get to the same place. So I just want to appreciate that New Orleans in this case is pioneering for the rest of the country. You're demonstrating that you don't have to choose one citizen over the other. You can you can choose both. You can find a solution that's right by everyone in the community and that it really is through the leadership of our elected officials and hiring really incredible individuals like Nate and Dr. Evigno and and just the entire team here at the city that really makes the difference and how you move the needle on on this particular issue. I it's not going to be easy because these types of issues are never easy. And I think that everything that that comes through that really becomes a model for the rest of the country is how New Orleans perseveres through that that challenge and that adversity and and and is willing to look at the nuance of these issues and take on, you know, the complexity and what it's going to take in these communities in these neighborhoods in order to do right by everyone right. The neighbors who are housed and the neighbors who are unhoused. So I just really want to appreciate that you're setting an example, you know, in this country right now and it couldn't come at a more important time because the Supreme Court has been asked to take up a decision coming out of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that will determine whether cities have the ability to enforce against homelessness without having to offer any alternative. And so the fact that you've embraced a model that demonstrates that we can do both, that we can house individuals and we can take back our public spaces and we and we can activate and and support everyone in a housed orientation. It really is an important example in this particular moment. Can I ask you a question? I mentioned the study years ago about recycling, right? And what I failed to mention was also the reports out of California campus. I talked about the number of diseases from diseases that they thought were actually grew within those encampments. How are we dealing with that? Especially, you know, I just went to the doctor. I had a cough that I had for three weeks and then talking to my specialist said there's about 11 or 12 different things going around going around right now. What consideration are we given that especially as it relates to its impact on the whole? You know, my tongue used to say the good of the few shouldn't impact the good of the whole until he became the few, right? But that especially health related diseases and the way we're dealing with stuff right now and I've even done some research that old diseases are actually making a comeback. Talk about especially in a community as tight as ours. Yeah, that's been a great concern and that's why for the last six plus years we have done our public health cleaning because we really do feel that that has mitigated not only the harm and the spread to folks in encampments but also to the larger community. I will say, you know, I'm not going to get up here and tell you that it was as robust as we wanted it to be. As you all know, because you've been on the emails, we are limited by the availability of n. O. P. D. And sanitation and our outreach partners. However, it has allowed us to identify folks that that looked sick and help them get to care before they got sicker and before they could spread it to quite as many people. My team has also with health care for the homeless been working with both med schools to reinvigorate our street medicine team. So really being proactive and going out on a regular basis and identifying even outside of the cleanings folks who might need to be connected to services. It's been a challenge, but I think we on the whole have done better than a lot of our colleagues, particularly in California because the scale there that just the sheer number of people in unsanitary conditions. I mean, it's it's really on the order of refugee camps. We've done a lot of vaccinations out in the unhoused population flu, covid hepatitis a anything we could do to mitigate we've been trying to do. But really getting folks into housing is going to be the best thing to to mitigate further spread. Councilmember green. What about those? What is the plan? And if there's not, you can get back to us on to work with those who are so severely mentally challenged. And I've got to be careful with regards to the words or anybody who's watching. Don't send me an email saying that I used the wrong words. I think you know what I'm talking about. There are some people who don't want to be and will still not want to be housed because of whatever that condition, paranoid, schizophrenia, schizophrenia in general. I'm using too many words because I get tired of people then going to the media to say, Look, they're insensitive. They're calling people different things. What is the plan for someone who is mentally challenged to the point where they cannot exist in an apartment alone? So we've already started addressing it. And when I say we myself, Dr. Vigno, we've already started looking into extended stays or what we call recipe care for persons who are dealing with severe mentally illnesses. Those persons who are dealing with those mental illnesses might need an extended care stay or go to a place where a person specializes in that. So we're looking at what models work best for this community, and it's not going to be a cookie cutter model. We have to figure out how we can do so. We've also asked for our state representatives to also plea on our behalf on state level because it can't just be city resources because this is not something that we can just handle locally. It has to be something that has to be indicative of the state stepping in and helping us with those long term mental health cares because we can't release those resources on our level. But I do believe that we have to pull all these things together to you to address that right now. We are unprepared for what that could look like. We are working on it best we possibly can by bringing the resources we do have. But, um, if we don't hurry up and put something in place and put something place soon, we will continue to fight that fight and it will tire us. So what would you be asking of the state that we as a city can help with? Of course, we even have a couple of state rep, you know, state officials or former state officials on the council. Obviously, resources, but it goes a little bit beyond resource. We're asking for long term. Yeah, anything that would expand the number of long term mental health beds, which we have woefully inadequate number of. Um, and so for those what we can do on the local level as Nate alluded to, we've already started is intensive sort of case coordination. There are a handful of folks that are incredibly, um, have incredible mental illness that are on the street that everybody knows. Our partners at Metropolitan know them. Health Department knows them. Nate's team knows them. E. M. S. Knows them. Everyone knows them. So what we're trying to do now is focus on them and within our own resources. How do we stay? You know, can we get them someplace to stabilize and try to work on a long term plan? But so much of this is state set at the state level, not only with, you know, reimbursement levels for behavioral health providers, they need to increase. Uh, and that's something that the state has control of. And then just increasing the number of beds for long term in patient psych stays as well as options for 23 hour and others mental health stays to get folks off the streets and stabilized, whether it's for a few days or for several weeks to months. Um, I will say that the State Department of Health has started to work on this. Um, we've been working with them on region one. I think that that's going to continue under the new administration, which I'm happy to hear. But the more cases we can bring them that will highlight why we need expanded state investment in long term behavioral health will be helpful. So are you saying resources to facilities, private owned facilities that exist? Are you looking for more public? Well, that's the thing we're if we're talking about folks that are Medicaid or uninsured, then it's generally state run or, you know, public facilities. And we do not nearly have the amount to support our state, much less our region. What would you call those facilities so we can use the right words, psychiatric care facilities, long term, there's different models and I'm certainly not the expert in. Um, there's a lot of specifics, but anything that would support for those most seriously mentally ill number one, making the bar not so high there. The bar is incredibly high right now to um, qualify for a spot at a longer term behavioral health facility. And that's because it's there's such a shortage. So anything to expand beds would allow more people to avail themselves of those resources, particularly are Medicaid and uninsured population. All right. We look forward to you letting us know what we as a council can do to work on a state level to maybe identify specific numbers or resources are due to cost benefit analysis type things that need to be done. But we certainly know that we have an issue on a state level where we want to help because if it increases the number of beds and provides resources for those who are, it's hard for them to be in a facility by themselves. We want to provide it. Thank you. Well, I think the governor's transition team on New Orleans is focusing on homelessness. And I've said to the people on that team that they need to advocate for additional state funding for mental health services. And I did receive an email right before coming down here from Janet Hayes, who is a big supporter and advocate for mental health services. And I say to her and I say to anyone who wants to advocate, you need to look to the state, the city is doing all that we can, but we cannot provide the number of beds necessary and the services necessary to treat these acute mental cases. Am I incorrect in that? Okay. I do have some questions before we get to public comment. Are there any other questions from any of the council members? I do have a question after public comment. Okay, perfect. Number one, Nate, I asked you this before, but I just want you to reiterate the issue that happens when people go into private property. So for example, right now we have an encampment popping up on Aretha Castle, Haley Boulevard that actually I think we've discovered is state owned property, but we can't get on it. So, so tell me what happens when people go on on private property versus public property and what you can do and what the process is for even going onto private property. We have to have, uh, we have to have green light from the owner of the property for us to even try to do work on it. But being in the person is owner and if they stabilized and it's kind of like an eviction process, it becomes a really legal, long, lengthy process that we try to avoid at all costs. That's why when persons get onto private, I mean, public property, we can kind of work a lot more diligently and quickly because we have right to do so. They get on a private property becomes really difficult to be able to initiate and to move the process in the right direction. I mean, a lot of people who are on that private property will say, I have the right to be here. The owner says that I can be here and then the owner, of course, can't be found. And then we have to go through a whole adjudication process to be able to go onto that property. Yes. And we're seeing that in quite a few areas in district B. Absolutely. Specifically on Washington Avenue, um, on OC Haley and some other places as well. I see Matt Torrey here from the Department of Sanitation. Matt, I know we talked about handing out trash bags and other things as a possible solution for people to bag their own trash, clean up after themselves. Um, is there any progress on that that this Department of Sanitation could then collect? Hey, good afternoon, Council members. So I know we've deployed a good number of public litter cans throughout the encampments on North Claiborne and Caliope and we do in our daily collections there and we're supporting Nate and Rachel and their teams as they are working through this decommissioning process to support, you know, basically real time collection of debris as it becomes available. Um, so we're just walking that fine line balance of making sure that things we remove truly are debris versus personal property and has the ordinance that the council passed that, you know, basically a scrap metal ordinance or dangerous item ordinance. Has that helped your team at all address some of the objects that are just scattered about? I mean, I would defer more to Nate, but I think probably yes. During the encampment cleanups, I think our challenge still is when folks are present and our teams are working, we just try to be very delicate about what we're doing and keep it purely to unattended items that are clearly trash. We're not infringing on their space and certainly not mistakenly taking any of their personal property. Okay, thank you, Matt. Um, on a library council member, I just stay one thing. I want to take an opportunity to just highlight what your Department of sanitation has been doing in certain areas around Arlene's Avenue around Claiborne. Ava when the encampments are done. I know it's a bit frustrating because we still have people dropping off and dumping furniture and dumping broken pieces of furniture. Um, but your crews come out and they do a good job and we see those results at ST Ann and Durbin the at our leans and the down ramp on Claiborne Avenue and in other places. And I see that this week there'll be an encampment cleanup because they're encampments throughout the city. I want everybody to know this, but an encampment cleanup at Albin Astor in Florida. Um, and those don't get mentioned enough. There's certainly never any media present for it. But I just want to say that the persons who work, um, are doing a good job. And I appreciate the fact that the encampment cleanups are regular. What I do bemoan is the fact that people still come and bring things as if this is a good place to dump what they don't want. Because these people who are marginalized already are the places that you should bring your urine filled mattress to leave as opposed to putting it out for the Department of sanitation to take it. So the bottom line is I want to say thank you to the sanitation department for that and also for the work that you're doing with regards to the cleanup of tires at piety Street and on Florida Avenue. You just cleaned up 1000 tires. It's ridiculous that there were 1000 tires there. But that in addition to clean up and that the cleaning up at the encampment doesn't get a lot of attention. But I see it. Our council members see it. We appreciate it. Thank you. All right. Um, one more question. Low barrier shelter. So Nate, your team has taken over management of that. Where are we with the RFP? What's happening with that? And I will ask you yet again, do you have enough resources? Do you have enough people? What more can we give you to make sure that the low barrier shelter operates as it should and and does not fall into decline? Right now, the RFP is still active. We've had a couple of persons of interest with nobody who has taken on it yet. I'm currently running it directly. And when it comes to resources, I am the resource right now running the low barrier shelter and also doing can decommission and some outreach and some other stuff. And the competitive process closes February 16. There is deliberately a longer time period to give interested parties. But there's several interested parties that with the longer time period and some adjustments to the original proposal, we think they're pretty gonna make it make an offer. So February 16 is when it closes. And then Tyra Johnson Brown, her shop is running it and it will be I think there's a two week period for selection and to go through the process. So hopefully by end of February will no or close to there. Don't hold me to that. But they did this morning. I'm talking to Tyra on the team said that they were two interested parties. One party had already gone in and started to do the application process and talking to board members. So I'm hopeful that you know we can solidify get that squared away quickly. But right now, yes, we are in a good space. We've been working on cleaning up the location and getting persons comfortable. And we just came out of winter sheltering and it was a success there. Tonight is first night of pit count. So we're assisting with that process as well. Unity is our lead agency is definitely made phone calls and gotten everybody ready for what this process look like. Okay. And I said final question, but it's never a final question and you should never trust a lawyer who says that. So the warming the warming centers. I did get an email from somebody or online whatever saying that people were being turned away from the warming centers. Have you heard anything like that? Not to my knowledge. I do know that there was some difficulties getting to some of the locations because of restrictions. We have since then adjusted and made available more beds at our annex location. So that was taken care of. But I mean some partners had ideas. We should have been a lot more clear within our process, but we're working on making sure that we clear those things up moving forward. Okay. And then finally, I just want to point out to everyone in the audience, everyone who's watching and our council members that Nate, you've been here. You came here what last Mardi Gras? Yes. So not even a year. Not yet. And we have done. I think you have done humans work on really pulling this together and I'm very appreciative of you. Thank you so much. Thank you. I just have your office has been a great help King and green. Thank you for all your support phone calls. You guys take my late evening phone calls. I do appreciate you picking up Dr. Vigno in OCD who just stepped in and helped out with our fabulous group of clutch consulting. I mean, how could someone fail with all the supports? Um, so I appreciate all of you. Well, we appreciate you. All right. Unless there's any other comment from the diet. No, just thank you. Uh, council member Harris. Uh, for I don't think anybody could have a question, uh, your heart or the fact that you try to bring everybody to the table. And I just want to make sure that this is an issue that's going to be solved by everybody. It's not just going to be one segment. So we have to be careful in our conversations, deliberate in our work and intentional about how we want to come together to help this population. And thank you for your leadership. I appreciate that. All right. Let's go on to public comment. Just a reminder. Two minutes per person. Say your name, say your address and again, I will keep you to that two minute period of time. So first is Peter Warring. And then as he's coming up, Martha from unity, ladies and gentlemen, pleased to see you all. Thank you very much for everything that you do. My name is Peter Waring. I'm a retired architect here in the city of New Orleans. Eugene knows me well. He sold me my building that I practiced architecture out of for almost 30 years. A long time before I became a council member. A long time before I became a... You always have to say that. Did a great job as my real estate guy. In addition to being a retired architect, I also have a master's in business administration. I've served on the board of unity of greater New Orleans for more than a decade now. I'm incredibly proud of the work that they do and the rest of the team, other board members, other members of the executive committee are all extraordinary human beings. I think saints. Unity is a 32 year old non profit coordinating the work of a collaborative of more than 50 non profit organizations to provide housing and services for those experiencing homelessness in Orleans and Jefferson parishes on behalf of our member organizations. Unity oversees implementation of federal homeless continuum of care grants that can only be applied for by a collaborative which we have. These grants require unity to raise 25% matching funds. We are strictly non political. We undergo a major federal audit every year and have a long history of clean audits in 32 years. We have never had a single problematic audit finding brought against us ever. Not one. All financials are on the state legislative auditor's website, so I just wanted to make sure that the record was very clear. These are the finest people I've ever worked with. The reason that I have associated myself with them for so many years is because of their incredible integrity and I would not have anything to do with them if they weren't the most amazingly detailed and careful people who not only carefully watch every penny, but they watch how every penny that's under their oversight is spent by others and they hold them accountable. This is a great organization. I want to say thank you to unity for everything that they've done for me personally in my life in terms of being able to allow me to serve and to be of service in my retirement. That's your time sir. Thank you so much. I appreciate those words. Martha followed by Paula Phelps. Thank you Peter. Thank you council. I just want to say that we regard the city as one of our most important partners in the homeless continuum of care work and we really appreciate the very significant and historic commitment that you have made to this work with your appropriation of the 2.5 million dollars for housing and services to house people experiencing homelessness. I think that together with the new federal unsheltered homelessness grant is really positioning us as Mandy said to really you know do something that very few communities will be able to do and I do believe that we will be able to reduce homelessness to the lowest levels in 20 years and with your continued commitment to sustain that and that's very exciting very exciting to have such low levels of homelessness on the horizon. The good news is that after waiting for many many months we did just get our contract from the federal government for that unsheltered homelessness grant with the start date this month. That's really good news and that means that our subcontracting agencies our member agencies are now have the authorization to begin to hire the staff to implement the housing and services and want to give a shout out to those agencies who stepped up to do this work because it requires match it requires you know you don't get all your expenses paid it really is sacrificial you have to be really committed to do this work and they are the volunteers of America start corporation NAMI the National Alliance for Mental Illness the Travelers Aid Society Easterseals Society Jefferson Parish Community Development Jefferson Parish Human Services Authority and Ozzinam Inn so a shout out to them and to all of our partners who really made it possible for us to get a grant that was never intended for a community like New Orleans the way that it was written by the federal government in the notice of funding opportunity it really so heavily favored communities that had at least a thousand people on the street that our chances of getting it were always very much an uphill battle and it was really because you know we absolutely slayed it on the leveraging from our partners along with you know just the track record of our continuum of care agencies and actually doing this work so well for so many years that we were able to get it and I just want to give a shout out to all of the health care institutions who partnered with us to the business community that partner with us to our housing authorities who really are doing tremendous work providing resources for this grant to fill philanthropies particularly United Way and Greater New Orleans Foundation and other foundations individuals who stepped up Martha I'm gonna have to ask you to wrap it up because I gotta keep everyone to two minutes thank you to to all and thank you to our landlord community for your work as well thank you thank you Martha Paula followed by Casey Paula Paula please good morning everyone I'm really proud of what I'm seeing here today because I worked in the special needs community 30 years ago bringing all these resources together for people who had no resources and it's good to see it's like a recycle of what I'm beginning to see OCD and all those programs getting involved it's a collect true collaboration but I'm here to talk about the Housing Trust Fund because I saw that 17 million was going into multifamily housing and I wanted to make sure that you understand that we need to improve the quality of life for our work in poor families especially those who work in a tourism industry and creating homeownership New Orleans is number five in the nation with the highest rate of black homeownership 49% I like to see us become number one unfortunately we tie with Atlanta so we really need to move quickly and I just want to make sure that you know there's more resources going into new construction because we don't have new construction in New Orleans and while we're looking good at the state level we lack 9,000 units of housing we need to close that gap and make sure that production home ownership affordable housing for working poor families and let's move on trying to get this poverty rate because number two in the nation with the highest poverty rate and we have too many resources and too many tourists too much taxpayers money too many taxes for us who have to pay taxes to just move our families out of poverty into creating generational wealth and Paul if you don't mind I want to highlight that my Madam Chairman when I recently participated in congressional black caucus hearing on wealth and homeownership you know kudos to our Hispanic brothers and sisters but they have exceeded us by 10% definitely homeownership as well as Asian community to Asian community right now is on everybody's white community somebody heard any history of New Orleans from to me who are nine centilly parts of mid-city we had the highest concentration of African-American homeownership right of community we have actually lost we had ground so that's extremely important definitely thank you so much thank you miss Pete Casey followed by Judge Calvin Johnson hi Casey Davis 5025 New York Circle I want to say thank you everybody for being here and being attentive to this matter when it came to my attention in August of 2022 a lot of what I was hearing was that there weren't many people out on the street that there weren't many people paying attention and now I'm seeing that it is all hands on deck and I'm hoping that you know what the notes here that we are paving an example for other cities and I want to encourage that to go beyond New Orleans towards our neighboring cities that are sending individuals here you know you mentioned that some of them are not from here which is true you know the word gets around that we house everybody and from what I heard out on the street within by the time Nate got here from August of 2022 and April of 2023 word had hit 26 states that we were taking up arms and taking care of this so just to give the attention of what's going on in New Orleans people are paying attention and that's just word from the unsheltered individuals that's not even the government's so if we build something it should be a blueprint that other cities can mimic because we don't want them to keep sending everybody here for us to just handle a situation that we don't have enough housing for so if we could set an example where everybody else can start building affordable housing across the nation we're not going to face this problem over and over again because there's how many 200,000 or 100,000 in California thank you thank you Casey judge Johnson followed by Donna Paramore good afternoon council and Calvin Johnson I live in New Orleans in case anybody wasn't sure I am also a board member of unity I'm on the executive team I'm vice president actually of the board of unity and just to echo some of what you've already heard but one of thing is is that we have to recognize our city our city is is a leader as you just heard and doing what we're doing and that is something as a collective we need to recognize and we need to not only recognize it but we need to applaud ourselves for it the reason unity got a 15 million dollar grant from HUD that we didn't qualify for is because what unity in this city has done since Katrina that's what hood looked at and that's why hood gave us 15 million dollars not alone with that they looked at the fact that this grant said you got to hit five million dollars of also promised care that is his entities that provide care will provide care directly to this population you're making house not only did we get five million dollars of commitment we got 15 million dollars of commitment this is how we were able to do this but this is a testament to what this city is about and we need to speak to it as a collective this is something great that we are doing however lady who just spoke is also correct the rest of America is on some level sending us their population not directly but indirectly because they're not providing some cases directly oh I agree with that too but I'm just trying to be polite but they're doing that too and that's just true and it is because we are doing what we're doing and so let's applaud ourselves and not criticize ourselves because we haven't done it perfectly let's not do that let's recognize that because we do it so well that is why we are capable and able to do it more of it than anybody in anywhere else is doing that's a fair that's it absolutely yeah I'm not that I feel I have to do that but I just put since we have reporters who are here I think what we're hearing now is not for being critical but as someone who understands the history of this community and even this issue back 40 years plus when I came back here in 1986 from the town I grew up in that we've done well at addressing the problem and New Orleans is we've been on that roller coaster for 60 years when you talk about the social lives we are very good community at addressing issues but where we've struggled is how do we sustain it how do we solve it so I you know judge Johnson is one of my idols and I don't there's no need to hear to correct him but yeah we've always done good at taking care of issues and taking care of problems but we have not been good at is how do we solve it from one generation to the next one political era to the next and hopefully given the work that I'm hearing right now and given the given the the working example that you said this time it's going to be sustainable and this time we're going to have solutions but unless we councilmember unless we in fact deal with the systemic issues that drives all of this we're never going to solve it you see we always going to have homelessness unless we deal with the systemic issues that drive people into homelessness and that's why I mentioned when you talk about homelessness then many of the drive for the encampments is who's supplying the drugs who's supplying the illegal activity so that root cause if we don't deal with that root cause then we're not dealing with the cause of the one of the primary issues here that deals with homelessness and homelessness so if we're going to do it let's be holistic let's not have the political blame let's not have somebody cares more than the other but let's all of us say we're committed to it too is not saying who's more for this or for that but that every resource every agency is saying you know what we want to end it but not just ended for the next political regime end it until the next depression or recession but we want to make sure that as many people have a place to stay as far we are New Orleans is very good at problems but when do the problems in let's end some of the problems thank you guys councilmember I would just like to add to that on judge Johnson um there are some people who will take a bit of issue with what you said people who live across the street from encampments where the encampments have been there for a decade where people can't walk where children can't walk on clay barn Avenue because of the needles where people can't have events for example or support businesses because there's no parking because that parking was supposed to be for businesses so now you have a lot of vacant businesses I don't think that there has been as much negative criticism even though I criticized the media I criticized especially the advocate because I don't think they've ever talked to the people enough who are impacted by the encampments and also those people who are even in the encampment I'll tell you that I talked to them councilmember Thomas will tell you that he talked to them when you say to get to the root problem it is so complex that's all I want to say something that you know it's drugs it's alcohol addiction it's also people who have been told to come here from other cities in Louisiana because they are going to get a house at the end of the day we may go on forever but we do have a responsibility to them but I think that we're moving in the right direction we have a homeless services and strategies office and we have clutch and we have a newfound commitment but I think that when there's criticism out there we have to recognize that a lot of that criticism is very valid if you live across the street and the 11 or 1200 block of clay barn Avenue and you can't start your business or you can't and you can't even rent your apartments out they don't really want to hear how well the city of New Orleans is doing it we fail them no question no question but of course now we have an opportunity this is the opportunity we should have done a long time ago judge thank you for your leadership and thank you for your leadership at unity and and if you ever want to call me every morning and give me a pep talk you can do that Donna from Travelers Aid Good afternoon Donna Perrimore executive director of Travelers Aid I would like to say I'm grateful that the city had the vision for the office of homeless services I'm confident in our partnership and how we are working together as a result we will see a great decrease in the number of homeless individuals on the street but my question is what happens once this initiative is over I think as a city we need to be proactive and have a plan in place to prevent homelessness if not we will be having these same conversations a few years from now as a service provider because of the funding that we receive we can only typically work with individuals that are chronically homeless and we get calls daily from individuals who are on the verge of homelessness those are individuals who are a New Orleans citizens those are working single mothers who may could not go to work for a week because their children were sick and now they can't make rent so we need some type of plan in place that we would prevent homelessness so sometimes we get temporary private funding where we're able to provide emergency rental assistance but that doesn't last long last week I had calls from mothers who were in the cold that I paid for personally so they could have hotel rooms so they could be off the streets with their babies when we were having cold weather so if we don't address things proactively as a city we will continue to see these systemic issues repeat themselves over and over and over again so I just implore you as a city as a city elected officials that we put some type of plan in place that would prevent homelessness going forward thank you Donna and hopefully that's what the Housing Trust Fund will go to do. Carl Washington. Can I add a comment? Yes. That's okay. So we have already started the sustainability planning meetings and we want to continue to sustainability planning meetings so that we can create that plan so it will sustain after we have finished the decommissioning process the plan will outlive everybody in his room and continue to be that plan that you spoke to about earlier Councilman Thomas that will be for the community permanently not just five ten fifteen years but forever and it was done with the entire community won't be done just with us as OHSS but with everybody who is a significant part of this community to make that happen. Thank You Mr. Fields. Mr. Washington. Council members how y'all doing? Good how are you? Name Carl Washington I am in New Orleans been a long time that I've been up here but I've been awakened so you all will be seeing me. Council member when you say sustainability that's critical we have gotten a lot of money and a lot of people have come to the city with great ideas great powerpoints get all this money but then the problem when the money goes the problem goes away so as a licensed social worker I mean I'm coming like I said I've been awakened give me a minute to catch up with with the meat and potatoes or some of this stuff you said that it's example for the nation this model has this model been tested and proven or this is a good PowerPoint with good ideas or has been tested and we can say this model actually works so I'm hearing a lot of money money money money money money and when it relates to caseworkers you're gonna need caseworkers you're dealing with mental illness mental mental health facilities drug addictions you did with a lot of illness to put people off the street into housing and to sustain that and to say you all have the model we're gonna be waiting on that we're gonna be looking sir we will be looking to see what the high plays out all this money and you're talking about what's going on under the bridge this been happening I hope some of his money that y'all talking about is directed to someone the kids what about the you you are fact in a you in terms of how that's gonna be funded once again I mean I have the meat potatoes but I am in engraved in this city and I know what's going on a lot of people coming this city getting money through the years getting money getting money getting money in the locals are suffering the yoke the locals are not at the table the locals not involved the locals are not benefiting and then when the money goes y'all goes and then he says the model so I'm not gonna take up much of your time I'll be back I will be back I hope y'all do what y'all say y'all gonna do and I hope the City Council hold them accountable because we've had a lot of money come to the city bill eight billion dollars I ain't gonna go into no numbers a lot of money have come to the city and look who our youth are in recreation look where we look look with the streets look where this and look where that look with crime but we doing well that ain't it ain't adding up so so I hope you all mean what y'all say and do what you're supposed to do and the people gonna be filing the money because that's all y'all talking about is money and we have seen no results yet thank y'all councilman thank you mr. Washington all right so I have a card with no name on it anybody fill out a card and not put their name on it any address nothing no address nothing come on somebody okay and then I have a card that is from mr. green but it is not germane to any topic it says unacceptable and dangerous situation created by incomplete roadwork cleanup at intersection of East Bay Area tearing and Breyer Hall Drive that's affecting quality of life that is not germane to any item on this agenda so I would encourage you to reach out to your council person to discuss this issue while we have a quorum let's go ahead and I'm gonna move to approve the minutes can I get a second seconded by council member Thomas all in favor all right and I will go ahead and move to adjourn unless there are any other comments no I did mention that I wanted to comment after the go ahead mr. green and I just want to just say kind of in general the work that you're doing is saving lives I've said that already but people are endangering themselves in those encampments and even in areas that aren't encampments by being outside by being outside in the cold you know it's challenging I hear rumors that somebody was very you know was set up the set with some problems this weekend it was so cold but then all of the shelters had availability people have got to take advantage of those resources those who want to help those who are unhoused have got to recognize that the city is concerned but that we certainly will tell you that we need some help sometimes reaching out to some of those people if you know somebody there tell them to take advantage of the resources that are available but I look forward to an organized process where there can be a long-term continuum of care some of the questions that I continue to ask are unanswerable at this time for example what percentage of the people are transient who's doing the needle exchange who's keeping a record of things like that but I just want to see the encampments on clothes and those people who are unhoused be put into apartments and I will say this is my last thing on um this past week I want to commend the New Orleans Police Department there was an encampment on a private piece of property on Ursuline Avenue they waited until they had gotten in contact with the private owner and it took a while but once they got in contact with them the quality of life officer lieutenant Augustin was very polite reached out to that private owner to make sure that he had no problems with having the encampment that was on his property moved and then she went to those who are unhoused and spoke to them in the way that helped them to understand that they had to get off that property and guess what happened they moved they found another place to go that's all I'll just conclude with that thank you thank you mr. green I think we've moved to adjourn thank you all for presenting today thank you for all of the people who provide services and support and please continue to watch this topic thank you thank you