 Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Let's call it the order, Nathan. We're going to turn Nathan's mic on. All right. Good afternoon. Welcome to the Wednesday, March 27, 2019, joint criminal justice public works committee meeting. Councilmember Williams, chair, present. Councilmember Moreno, present. Councilmember Girosso, present. Councilmember Banks, present. Councilmember Nguyen, present. We have a quorum. Nathan, thank you very much. Welcome, everybody, to today's joint public works and criminal justice committees joined by the chair of public works, Joseph Girosso, and the members of both committees. Thank you all for being here. We have a quorum. We have what I think is a timely lineup today. We will begin with a presentation from our civil service department, which was the impetus for this joint meeting. Our city departments are constantly working on properly staffing up to serve the public. And our civil service department is actually the front gate for fulfilling those needs. We thought it appropriate to have a discussion about civil service responsibilities related to probably two of the biggest, most important entities when it comes to protecting the city of New Orleans, sewage and water board, and NOPD. And to discuss anything that we can do or any solutions we can collectively reach with you all with NOPD and sewage and water board, and if there's any third parties involved in that. We want to try to see if we can reach those finish lines as fast as we can to help you all do your job and help get those people in those positions. It's also, pivoting a little bit, it's also an exciting historic day for the city of New Orleans for a different reason. Today our jail population has dropped to 1,111 persons. This represents a sea change from having the distinction of this city and this state for decades of having the highest jail population. Many of the folks in this room and many who are on the streets as we speak right now fighting for this cause deserve a huge round of applause for this landmark. This is a very, very big deal. This is the lowest that our jail size has ever been. But that applause would be very short lived because of work before us is important. And that is what got us here, but we still have a whole lot of room to go there. The council's investment last budget cycle in a public safety analyst has given us the advantage to review the open data and have it at our disposal and have the public more importantly have it at their disposal. That public facing dashboard allows the public to see those findings and provide for a very reliable snapshot of our current system. We'll expand upon that a little bit later with our public safety analyst Jeff Asher on just how powerful that tool is and the public having access to that will help us make large strides in that area. We need to first approve the minutes from our December 19th Criminal Justice Committee meeting. It's been moved for adoption by Councilmember when seconded by Council vice president. Please vote on that. We have three yeas, no nays. Now let's move to our first agenda item and I'll ask that you all we all know you very well but go ahead and introduce yourselves for the listening public. Good afternoon, Council members. My name is Lisa Hudson. I'm the personnel director for the Civil Service Department. I have with me today Amy Trippane, who's our our deputy director and Brendan Green, who's the commission's executive council. To my left is Shelly Stulp. She's over our recruitment division and she assists with both police and Sujan Water Board hiring. I'm going to begin this overview of the Sujan Water Board and police hiring with giving you a background of the civil service hiring process in general. The civil service system is based on merit system principles that are intended to ensure fair and open recruitment and competition and employment practices free of political influence or other non-merit factors. Authority for the civil service system is derived from Article 10 of the Louisiana Constitution. The system was established for all classified employees of city government, including attached boards, unattached boards and commissions, which includes the Sujan Water Board. The essential part of the Civil Service Department's mandate is to post job announcements, screen applications, test applicants and certify lists of applicants who are eligible for hire and promotion in the classified service. The Civil Service Department still handles these tasks for the Sujan Water Board for the non-delegated classifications. However, in June of 2016, the commission delegated part of the Civil Service responsibilities to the Sujan Water Board for 63 department-specific job classifications. The delegated authority includes posting departmental vacancies to application, recruiting for vacancies, evaluating candidates for eligibility for promotions, creating lists of eligible candidates, certifying lists of eligible candidates for appointment, hiring from lists of eligible candidates. Between September 2018 and March 2019, it took the Civil Service staff an average of less than a day to provide an eligible list of candidates to the Sujan Water Board after approving a request to fill a citywide, non-delegated classification. The Sujan Water Board, through its delegated authority, certified its own list of Sujan Water Board-specific job classifications. Between September 2018 and March 2019, it took the Sujan Water Board an average of two days to provide a list of eligible candidates after approval of a request to fill a Sujan Water Board-delegated classification. The next slide shows the Sujan Water Board delegated hiring process workflow. The Civil Service involvement in the process is represented by the dark blue boxes, and the Sujan Water Board involvement is represented by the gray boxes. So, workflow goes as follows. First, the Sujan Water Board identifies positions to fill. The Sujan Water Board then sends an electronic requisition to Civil Service through its NeoGuff system. Then the Civil Service reviews and approves the requisition requesting to fill the position. This takes about an average of three days. The Sujan Water Board then drafts job postings. We review those to make sure they're accurate, and then Civil Service will publish the job posting unless there already exists an eligible list. Once the job is posted, candidates apply for the position, and then the Sujan Water Board reviews those applications for minimum qualifications to determine their eligibility. Civil Service schedules and administers the exams and or rates to training and experience, if any. This takes about two days on average for any TNE or training and experience requirement. Sujan Water Board then creates and certifies lists of eligible applicants. This takes about two days. Sujan Water Board's hiring managers then review the list of eligible applicants. They conduct interviews, and then make offers of employment. Then the Sujan Water Board schedules those candidates for drug tests, background investigations, and physical examinations, if applicable. They send the drug test results or send to Civil Service, and if there's a positive result, we send that to the city's medical review officer for review. After that process, the Sujan Water Board then hires the candidates and then sends electronic notice of appointment to the Civil Service through its NeoGuff system. So that outlines the workflow process for the delegated hiring. The next slide shows some examples of individuals. Can we park the slide on page four for a second? I just want to ask a couple questions here. I see where you got three days on that top line, two days on the other line. Can you offer this committee or these two committees the average days for these other areas based on your experience? Not really. These are, again, areas where the Sujan Water Board is involved in that process, and we don't have specifics about the time it takes for them. I mean, it doesn't take that long to send a requisition in the NeoGuff system. It's a matter of typing it up and hitting a key. So that would be like the first two boxes. No, I mean, I get that computers are very fast. It's usually user era or user busyness that causes it to take. So you just don't have any sort of anecdotal, we guess we'll ask Sujan Water Board about that. No, sorry. Councilmember Williams, can I ask a question? Yes, Mr. Chair. Thank you. I guess my question is, this seems to be about a hiring process. What about internal candidates? And I guess that's where my question really remains is, you have somebody who's been on the job for 20 years, they don't make the qualifications on paper, but they have all the technical expertise. Does this process on the slide deal with that, or is that completely separate? Well, this actually covers the promotional process as well, because it involves submitting a requisition through the NeoGuff process and a review of that requisition. And then I think where it may come in is probably the fourth box where it says Sujan Water Board drafts job postings. Those job postings are going to contain what I call the minimum qualifications for the position. So if it's promotional, there will be an outline there of what it takes to qualify for that promotion. And then the employee, once the job is posted, will then have to apply. So determining the minimum qualifications, it's really a joint effort between the Sujan Water Board and the Civil Service Department before that job gets posted. So what happens with somebody if the job description says much of a college education person doesn't have a college education, but has been doing it for over a decade? How do we reconcile moving the right person potentially up based on a Sujan Water Board recommendation versus what the piece of paper says? So the Sujan Water Board would then have to make a request for an amendment to that job posting. And my staff probably could address it more directly, but it involves a request to us to say, okay, we don't think these minimum qualifications are suitable at this time. We have some eligible candidates who don't qualify, and then we would review that and make a determination and give that back to the Sujan Water Board. Thank you. Okay. Counsel, Vice President Moreno. So if that amendment is requested by the Sujan Water Board, how lengthy is this amendment process? How long does that usually take? It really depends. If it's something that we think is simple enough, we can approve it that day. If it's something that's more complex, then it may take more discussions between the Water Board and the Civil Service Department to make a determination in that matter. And a lot of times, it depends on a lot of these Sujan Water Board positions sort of are part of career families. So you have to be careful how you change the minimum qualifications because it affects how other people qualify at either the lower level or the higher level. So we take all those things into consideration when we receive requests to change the minimum qualifications. So what you're saying is it could either take a day or it could take, what, weeks? Yeah, depending on the circumstances, yeah. And how often when an amendment is requested? First of all, how often are you getting amendment requests? I would say it's, you know, Julia handles our recruitment division, so she would probably... Sure, go ahead. We get them fairly often and we process them as much and we want to make sure that they... There are some rules... In the rules, there are some issues about when you can change the minimum qualifications. If there's an active list, it's got to be... It can't be under three months old before you can change it. And so there's some issues. So we have to look at all of that. When did we open it? Is there a list? Why do people not meet the main clause that y'all, you know, requested? But departments are always... Before this... On this part, right here, the first part... If you could lean into the mic a little bit more, sorry. I'm sorry. This part where it says sewage and water water identifies positions to fill. Before that happens, we ask the departments to go into NEOCA. One of the beauties of our system is that all the minimum qualifications for most positions are there online for the public to see, not just the departments. And we ask, go there first. If there's minimum qualifications that you don't agree with, let us know. And then we'll work with you on amending them and what you need. Because we want to have that done before we post them. Because what we don't want is to open it, have a bunch of people apply, qualify, get on a register, and then they don't want that because it's just that register because it ends up... A lot of work on everybody's part that goes to waste. But as far as the jobs that are out there, and you said, did you get requests for amendments fairly often, what percentage of those amendments are granted? I would say about 99% of them. I mean, it's very rare that we don't grant them or that we don't... We may not initially... We may have to work, you know, like... Eventually we come to an agreement. I don't post anything until the appointing authority signs off on what we agree to. I'd also like to add that there is a provision in our rules that allows the departments to go to the Civil Service Commission and ask for them to sort of arbitrate if we don't agree with their proposed changes. And if you look at our agendas, very, very rarely does it get to that point where they're going beyond staff and asking the commission to overturn our decision on changes to minimum qualifications. Okay. Thank you. Okay. The next slide shows examples of original entrance delegated classifications. These are just some examples. The networks maintenance technician one. Currently we have 193 eligible applicants in that register. Before you go, I'm sorry, leave that point. Director Callahan, can I ask you a question? Can you come to the microphone? I just didn't want to leave that slide. Can we go back to slide four? Oh, sure. Just for clarification, I'm Dave Callahan, consultant contractor. I don't have a title. And I am handling some of this. I just want to make sure you know what my position is at the board. I've been handling some of the HR related issues, but we do not have an HR director yet. We're in the middle of hiring one right now, but just for clarification. Happy to attempt to answer any questions. After the last person. So in terms of HR responsibilities, you would be the proper person to have this conversation with, correct? I think so. Councilman, I think that's at this point in time until we hire an HR director. I'm yet. And I serve many functions and roles right now as a consultant contractor for the board. There's a wide spectrum that the executive directors got me looking at and working. But generally anything under the people category will end up in my office for now. I guess for that purpose, it's actually actually leads into a good question. In addition to HR, what else are you tasked with right now? Right now, handling issues of organizational culture training, leadership development. We're talking about safety. Let's talk about risk management. All of those areas. Security. Trying to go down my list. Safety, security, risk management, emergency management. All of those functions. Right now, as you know, we don't have deputy directors in those areas. We have acting or fill ins. So as I was asked to come on to the board as a consultant contractor, you remember the history. I was standing in as an executive director for a month or so. And then I was asked to stay on to help. And so those are all areas that I've been I've been trying to help within. And HR is one of them. So I do not mind answering questions about it. I just wanted to make sure everybody understood we are without an HR director right now. We need one. We're working on hiring. We're in the hiring process and I really can't discuss that right now because I'm literally in the middle of interviews right now. So that may actually speak to and potentially address some of the concerns that exist. I mean, you rattle off the things that you are tasked with. And some of them are very serious and in our high priorities, emergency management, of course, security, risk management, safety, training, culture. When we do know that we are talking about an entity that has, as we've heard from the bottom up, had a host of issues in terms of morale and culture. And it appears through at least some of the discussions we've had here with this body have come from the former HR director. So I mean, and it's not a conversation that we'll have with you today, but there does come a time when one person can be tasked with too many things. And we all have a certain amount of bandwidth. And I don't know how these things have been delivered to you in terms of priorities. So that being said, I appreciate your candor about that. Looking at slide four, top column, student water board drafts, job postings, and civil service publishes it unless the list already exists. So after civil service has done their task, which they describe as a three-day average, what is the trigger at sewage and water board once you all receive that so that that immediately gets processed and pushed back? Well, if you're referring to how long, and they call it a register, is open, that's the amount of applicants, or that's the depository of applicants that come in. Registers are open for a finite period, typically. Some of them will stay open, but let's just say it's a two-week opening. At the end of those two weeks, that's when we receive, we're going to receive from civil service, the listing of the register. And at that point, it becomes our responsibility to start vetting candidates. And that's through a process of review and then at some point interview. And I don't think I missed a step in there, but I'm looking at civil services to make sure I didn't miss the step. Just unless the eligible list already exists, and if we get the request, we'll just attach the eligible list, or they'll attach the eligible list because it's delegated now, and they can hire immediately. So it wouldn't be a two-week waiting period. Just to, and if I'm getting too granular, please somebody pull my coattail on this. Do you receive that register electronically via paper? It's electronic. And that goes to you? Not to me. Now, it goes down to the HR division or the HR department, where I have a couple of people that are actually filling in to the old HR director role in those functions. They're the ones who receive the register. I don't personally receive the register. And what is it turnaround time from when they electronically receive that register before they start working on that work? I'm not prepared to tell you that. I know that, I don't have that. We have that number. It's right next to the blue box on the second row. It says, Susan Waterboard creates and certifies list of eligibles two days average. Two days? Right, yeah. So it takes them about two days, am I right, to create the list and attach it to the requisition. So after they, so in receiving it and before they send it back to you all, two days. You're shaking your head. Well, I mean, after they create the register, then they have to give it to a hiring manager. Okay. And then when it gets to the hiring manager, they have to review the eligible list and determine who they want to appoint. Now, how long that process takes, we're not sure. Depends on the size of the register. It depends on the availability of the departmental individuals, the hiring manager to get to it. If it's something that's deemed critical, they're typically going to get it done quicker. But I mean, we're talking some of these registers are in the tens to maybe almost 100 people. I've seen them that big. Maybe they're bigger sometimes. So we've got the vetting process does take some time. And it really depends on how quickly that hiring manager can get to it based on priorities. How many hiring managers or persons with that job title do we have right now? Well, the hiring manager is typically assigned within a department or that handles that particular job position. So the hiring manager is going to be departmentally assigned. And it's a title that doesn't really have, in my opinion, a lot of qualification required to go with it. It's not a it's an individual you trust to be able to go through the register. There's a process and do the hiring. And so what's the what's the estimated time you'd give us for how long that takes? I've seen hiring managers get to two candidates, get through the interview process in one to two weeks. And I've seen them go on beyond a month to two months. Depends on how quickly they can get to a short list of interviewees and how quickly they can get the interviewees in. Do we have enough people doing that work? In some departments because of workload, I don't think so. I think that a great example is just use them as our networks department or our frontline hardworking folks out there who, you know, that's a tough thing for them to get through that day to day battles that they have to deal with. Definitely an attorney of the present definitely take away from those efforts. And turning to the drug testing process, is it is it that same person that hiring manager that would schedule drug testing or is that someone else? I believe that's a char the HR division or department. An HR specialist would be doing that with with the hiring in conjunction with hiring manager. And can you give me some idea of the turnaround time to schedule the drug test? Councilman, I'm not prepared to tell you that. I knew we were going to talk about it. I bring it, but I can get that to you. I'd like to certainly get that back to you. And can you also get back to me with or get back to this body with the turnaround time from where that drug testing is happening? Certain how efficient that whoever were you, do you know who we're using? I don't know by name. I know we have a contract. His name is a city, I think. So contract to service. Any guesstimations from the table about how would their turnaround time is on drug testing? Their results are pretty much next day or the day out. Yeah, it's like a day and a half that we received the results. Last time we checked, it was about a day and a half. Director, thank you. Miss Hudson, I apologize. Mr. President, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Councilman, Jerusalem. Thank you. I have just a few more follow up questions. Sure. What's the total number of employees that's huge and waterborne and ideal world would want to hire? Would want to hire? Right now. Right now. I'm not sure how you'd come up with that number. I know we know what registers are open right now or attempting to hire, but I don't have that information in front of you. I would guess we probably have right now and maybe civil service can jump in, but there's probably over 20 positions right now that we're going to hire. That's a guess from my part. That's as much as I'd be willing to go to. All right. And just so we know, because, again, we want to make sure budgeting is working out correctly and you have the employees that you need. And then just sort of follow up on Council President's question, you seem to have a lot on your plate right now. Well, Councilman, I appreciate that. You know, again, I think I'm doing a lot as a consultant contractor for the executive director, but I think that's a good thing. I think we're going to be a very good executive director. And, again, ideally we need to get that HR director hired because that makes us whole for the most part in the HR world. It's been a long, winding road to get there, but we're about there right now. So I think that was going to improve. But, I mean, organizationally, the SIRS and Water Board and you all probably know that we're getting very close to defining where the executive director wants to be from an organizational standpoint. Certainly from his executive team on down. So we're about there. But I will tell you that what I'm doing right now as a contractor consultant would probably fit the chief administrative officer description if you were to apply that. So, yeah, what is happening is, yeah, probably from my level I'm having to dip down a lot further sometimes than a CAO would have to do because we're missing an HR director. But, again, I think that's going to be resolved very soon. Well, I guess what my point is, I think Councilmember Williams called this joint meeting because we're trying to avoid finger pointing, right? We don't want the SIRS and Water Board to say this is civil service and civil service to say it's the SIRS and Water Board. We want to be in the same place. And I guess part of it is how do you strategically get to where you want to be? And if you're doing the CAO part of it, which is obviously extremely important, we have a new executive director, is there somebody who's either looking at right sizing salaries, the promotional process, the amendment process Councilmember Moreno brought up, or are we sort of in a holding pattern until the HR director comes? Yeah, your holding pattern description is maybe a little more than I would say. I think these issues you just mentioned are all being worked. Now, whether or not there's enough dedicated brain power going to them because of the holes that we have right now, probably that's a good question to ask. And I think from my standpoint, looking at the organization outside in, things will change dramatically, I think, once we fill those holes. But we haven't stopped anything. We're working these issues. I'm meeting with Civil Service Tomorrow on incentive pay and some very big issues for the SIRS and Water Board. So, I mean, we're finding a way to get to those issues. Not as fast as I'd like, but we're finding a way to get there. Thank you. Okay. So- Councilman Williams, I just have a question. Oh, I apologize. That's okay. Councilmember Nguyen. On that, filling that hole. And so you talked about using other personnel to kind of fill in the HR duties until you guys get an HR director. And I'm not questioning their ability, but are they coming with HR experience to make sure that we're selecting the right person, the right skills for the position? I'm sorry, Councilmember, that question for me. Yeah. Okay. Well, what I was referring to was that the fill up to the HR director position has been happened from below up right now. So we have HR specialists that are filling in, HR specialists that's been filling that role. So those processes are following good HR practices and procedures. Got it. I just wanted to make sure and clarify that. Yeah. Appreciate it. I understand. Yeah. Thank you. We didn't just grab somebody and throw them in there. That's good to know. Jason. Councilmember Banks. Admiral, maybe I missed something. And if I'm confused, please correct me. Last week, I thought the son said that there were 200 vacant positions. Did I hear you just say we're down to 20? No, no, no, Councilman. I think the question was how many were actively attempting to hire right now? It's above 20. I think we need to define vacancies versus what we're actually in the active hiring process for. Not every vacancy is being hired too right now. We have the number approximate this week is about 235 vacancies in the organization. Now, let me say that that's down from about 450 over the last few months. We've made it substantial. Per you all, bringing it to our, obviously bringing it to our attention in various meetings and other people, we've made a concerted effort to reduce those vacancies. I'm pretty proud of that. However, we're not where we need to be. I think for our organization looking from outside in, I think this organization needs to be at 10% or below on their total number of vacancies, which puts us down around 140. The nature of what we do and the job positions we have, particularly some of the more entry level positions, is they have a very high turnover. So I think civil service would back me up on this, that a lot of those vacancies, you're just going to have a constant flow and there's always going to be some vacancies there. We think the number, again, based on our construct of our organization, should be below 140 and we're not there yet. But we're continuing to work that way. So, yeah, I think there's a difference in when you define vacancies. Those are jobs that are certainly positions that are not filled, but they may not be an active hiring effort going on to those positions on every one of them. Okay. Thank you. Director, thank you. We'll go back to Director Hudson. Okay. Thank you. So the next slide was examples of original entrance delegated classifications. These are some of the classifications where there probably is a lot of high turnover, but we do have healthy eligible lists waiting in case the water board wants to fill those positions. So for networks maintenance technician one, which is an entry level position, we have 193 eligibles on that list. For water services inspector one, which is essentially the meter reader, we have 907 individuals waiting on that register. Networks maintenance two, we have about 20 and those are probably folks waiting in line for promotion. Environmental enforcement tech one, we have 114 folks on that register waiting for appointment. Utilities plant worker, we have 227 eligibles and utility maintenance trainee, we have 108. So if there is a turnover issue in those classes, we would have people waiting to fill those vacancies. So the next slide on the delegated hiring process. Excuse me one second. Councilmember Palmer. I'm sorry. And this might be a stupid question. Can multiple applicants be applicable, I guess, to qualify for any of these positions? Yes. Okay. So then some of these numbers could be double counted? Yes. So you could be a person and have applied for networks maintenance tech one as well as water service inspector? Yes. Anything for which you believe you're qualified and we will put you on the eligible list. Now, some of these positions have different qualifications, like for some you may have to have had a background in construction. So it's unlikely that people who are applying for construction jobs are applying for meter reader jobs. But there may be a small element of crossover, yes. Okay. Before you start up, so I don't have to interrupt you again. I just jump in during this current interruption. What role are third parties playing in this in between sewage and water board and civil service? Is drug testing the only thing? Drug testing, yeah. I'm not sure. I think they do their own background investigations, but you would have to check with them on that. And if there's a medical evaluation, that would be a contractor through the water board? Yeah. Okay. Okay. The next slide is a representation of the sewage and water board requisition submitted between January 2018 to present. This slide shows that 77% of the requisitions submitted by the sewage and water board were for delegated positions where there were eligible lists established. And 15% were for non-delegated positions for which eligible lists were established. So just to say that over 90% of the requisitions submitted by the sewage and water board have eligible lists of folks available for appointment to those positions and vacancies. So that concludes our presentation on the sewage and water board hiring process. I'm sorry, but does that speak to the importance of the individual jobs? Right. If you're still having a delta that you can't fill these positions, is that what I'm understanding? No? Yes. What I'm saying is for when the sewage and water board submits a requisition to fill a position, it could be a promotion as well. So this is not just strictly new hires. We have lists available for most of those requisitions. Okay. So they can make an appointment. Okay. So that concludes the sewage and water board hiring process. And Amy Trappanie is going to take you through the police recruit. Can I ask? Yes. I think we'll have a few questions just on sewage and water board. And before we switch over to you, Mr. Trappanie, there are certain positions that are still pending with your office right now to be filled for sewage and water board, correct? Yes. Let me look at one of these slides. I think that would be so far. Actually, I don't see any. No? I mean, I don't think there are. Not in the customer service division or there's is my understanding there was a need or an express need for within the customer service division and need for supervisors. Is that correct or incorrect? Um, no. I know we just moved some people were trying to transfer them into the three one one series. I did you get that microphone too. I don't have a record. Like, I don't think there's requisitions there. I mean, sometimes there's internal talks at the sewage and water board and then they submit the requisitions through civil service. So there may be internal talks with sewage and water board. They have their internal requisition process. And what that gets approved, then they submit the requisitions officially through Neo Gov. So we don't have any current requisitions that have not been certified to in the supervisor in the three one one supervisor role. I know we've got some representatives from sewage and water board. I'm just going to pose this question if you're if you're whether it's Mr. Rouski, Mr. Webster or, uh, are you director to your knowledge? Are there any positions that are pending for employment sewage and water board at civil service? I could I didn't come prepared to tell you that I will get back to you on that. I mean, I just don't have I'm sure there are. It surprises me that the answer is no right now, but I need to get your list and let you know because I don't have that information. And we will definitely check on that, you know, when we get back. I guess let me just ask a very sort of broad question. Director Corbin seemed to be describing a lot of work that he needs to get done. He also seemed to be describing a lot of positions that he needs filled in order to do the work that needs to be done. Now we've got a city without an employment issue and we've got a lot of work that needs to be done and money to pay people for it. The question begs, why are we just hiring more people? So I'm a little I'm at a loss in terms of whether or not if if if those positions are not pending in civil service, does that mean that a request has not been prepared by Seward and Waterborne? Well, I'll answer with the couple couple of I'll give you a couple answers here. One of them is that I know that director Corbin has been discussing certainly the organizational structure and what we're going to need to get that where we need where we want it. And that's going to require creation or recreation of several classified positions. Now, we're not prepared to show you that today, but we will. And very shortly we're working on the package. Civil service has been alerted to that package coming. It'll be several unclassified positions. Some of them are not necessarily new in the sense that we're not creating additional positions on some of them because you know we have vacancies because of the deputy directors that were that had left the organization. So some of those are going to be but we're we're creating new titles. We believe those titles we benchmarked and done good research with other utilities and recently met met on several occasions to define what we really need for the organization. So that package is forthcoming against civil service hasn't even seen it yet. We're about ready to deliver that to them. And and again, we certainly are going to be briefing you all on that, too. That that's one thing. Now, there are other I think points on vacancies that I think we need to make sure to get out on the table here. And that is that some of them have been very difficult to fill based on certain issues, hiring process issues. I'll give you the example. You won't like to hear this, but the residency rule creates issues for us. And certainly with our higher our higher technical positions, it's very difficult to attract outside candidates in with the licensure often required from outside Orleans Parish. We struggle with that on a regular basis. And I know that we can pursue waivers on some of those and we tend to. But but it's very difficult to bring people in at those higher licensure levels to live in Orleans Parish or to agree to come to work for us. A lot of times there's no incentive. I was extremely I think we're all excited about the idea of that we're going to meet on tomorrow at civil service about about incentive pay incentive light for licenses and education. I think that might be that might make a difference for us in creating those hiring pools that we really need for the more technical positions. But but I will tell you that that that is a challenge for the Syrian War. I need to know more about that challenge. I need I need to I'd like for you to articulate why that is. You said it's either they either is it pay. Do they not want to work for sewage and water. Why. Well if in terms of bringing people from outside into the organization from outside Orleans Parish with a residency rule. I mean it's so what you're saying is we're out of qualified people who live in Orleans Parish now. Well we're not out of them. I think it makes the search harder. Why. Because we're not finding people with those higher licensures that higher licensure and higher qualifications within Orleans Parish. Hence the need for us to either learn to grow those people inside the solution water board which I know has been addressed already. I think that's an issue for us and and certainly attracting those candidates has been a challenge. I mean are you saying they don't exist in Orleans Parish or they don't want to work here for what pay is being offered. I just I think the incentives of them to come in for the pay. I think I will tell you that the challenges that people when they look at Orleans Parish some of the challenges that the cost of living has been brought up to me. And some of my discussions with people who aren't interested in coming cost of living school systems all of those things that you look at. Sometimes are the sometimes are the things that are keeping folks from coming in. And you know when they have to decide whether or not they want to move into the parish that can be a challenge for us. So when we look at this flow chart on for page four and and oftentimes when we're when we're at a public works meeting we're having this conversation with this director last director what have you. Civil service is not in the room. The issue with regards to hiring brings up the word civil service. But we look at this this flow chart here. It sounds as if we're not getting past the first block of this flow chart if there are no pending positions in civil service and they just haven't gotten them. I just want to make sure that's accurate. I think I think that's accurate. Councilmember Council vice president Moreno just to follow up Mr. President on one of the points that you have brought up. So you talked about the residency requirement and on on whether or not you are able to attract some of those higher level license positions but but what about on some of the lower level ones. I mean I don't you've got on the water services inspector one nine hundred and seven eligible applicants. I mean I'm assuming that a residency requirement wouldn't be a problem. And yes council member I would agree that those those types of positions that we're not generally having problems bringing people into the register on if you have nine hundred and seven eligible applicants are you hiring in this particular. You know I saw those numbers and I would ask that you allow me to check check the numbers because I don't know that we have the vacancies that are indicated there right now. I'm going to work for civil service not vacant those are not people on the right. Those aren't vacancies right. These are just eligible. Just be those are eligible but I don't know that we have the positions open to actually hire into right now. We've we've made some hires in the water because I think that's the real graph that we'd like to see eligible applicants versus number of openings available. And then I think we can really be able to track unless and we would normally provide that. But right now we don't have access to the water board system. So we haven't and we haven't received a vacancy report in over a year. So you haven't received a vacancy report. No. And I think it's because they're transitioning from an old system to a new H.R. system. So we haven't had the access that we normally would have had. We're making headway in that we have training coming up in the next couple of weeks. So they have figured out with our IT team how to grant us access to that new system and we'll be trained on it shortly. And that transition has taken a year. The transition actually the transition started in January and then prior to that I didn't know we hadn't given them a vacancy report prior to that. But but yeah the the new transition to the GP system which you might have heard it's also the payroll system is a vastly different H.R. I.S. H.R. information system that's it's going to require us to do some training. We're in the process of isn't Cog's Dale also doing this system the payroll system. The GP is great plain system. Cog's Dale doesn't own that system but the implementation part of it is Cog's Dale. So on the on the report can we get a report to civil service as quickly as possible just on the vacancies so that we can. I mean I think that that's step one as an understand the I.T. piece is important but the report just to look at the numbers once again data is key. We know the number of vacancies we can give you more granularity on that if you'd like to like to get the will serve. And I think it's important for civil service to have a chance. OK. Jason. Councilor Banks. Admiral I want to make sure I'm clear how many vacancies do you assess or as a result of the residents and requirement. You know I can't tell you that right now I can just tell you that the vacancy that we have run into challenges feeling higher qualification positions and as a higher qualification positions is that 10 percent is that 98 percent of the vacancies. I can't tell you that right now I just know it's not as large a number. I'm just saying that we have difficulty when we have the more technical positions to fill and grabbing and getting people to come from outside. You say I guess I want to be clear on that because I don't want the public to think that because we are asking people that work for the city to live in the city that we are somehow hindering the function of government which I think is patently wrong and this 800 pound bogeyman of the residents requirement has been a scapegoat too many times. Well council member I did not tell you that and I did not say that. That's why I wanted to be clear that the residents requirement is not the bogeyman in this process. Now there may be some instances if you need a hydroponic engineer that only specializes in whatever he specializes in from Sweden I get that. But the majority of those vacancies are not those highly technical positions that someone has to have 100 years of degrees to be able to fill. Is that correct. I would say not the majority but there is a number of vacancies that we have. And that's why I want to go back to the number is the number 90 percent or 10 percent. And council member since I wasn't obviously invited here with the information that what you were going to ask I'd be happy to get you that if you would I would appreciate it happy to get you that information. Thank you sir. And I just would add one thing Admiral Callahan I think it's sort of clear from all of us that we're looking for evidence because we've heard from sewage and waterborne frequently. That residency is an issue and particularly at the higher level jobs they want to make sure they make the breakthrough and we know that that's something that's been asked for. I guess from my perspective in addition to the evidence which I know you're going to go back and get that you we did not ask you to bring here today in fairness to sewage and water board that also we have the blessing of the board as well because I think I think what's happened is we've transitioned now to two or three different executive directors. We've been asking for this information but the board hasn't weighed in and I think that would help us as well assess the differences between the different levels so that way the people who are closest to the ground in terms of what what the executive director and you is acting a consultant but who has CAO responsibilities can evaluate would help us to. And you could see that again I think that lower level positions were having no problem attracting candidates from within the parish. Example would be a water purification operator position requiring a level four license. There's just no way and you know and that that to be is what is that salary when you say there's no way. Well it's not a salary issue. It's usually a licensure issue or finding somebody within a parish that's willing to pursue that has that license and willing to want to pursue that license. So and there may be but we just haven't seemed to have luck with those higher higher level qualifications and and I think the answer there and candor to you is that we need to be better the solution water board growing within on those particular positions because I think councilman Jerusalem alluded to it is that they're really. Needs to be when we look at minimum qualifications we need to take a close look at some of those for certain positions because sometimes the education requirements may get in the way when they don't need to get in the way and sometimes you know so there's I think there's a good look that needs to happen on that front to figure out how we get those positions feel. And I think that addresses council member banks is point right that you naturally have in place people who are capable of doing the job but there's some qualification that's impeding and and they probably have the experience and they can do it so as long as we can uplift our. Yeah in some of those cases there are. Right. And I guess maybe while we're looking at this altogether is not only the open positions and and the qualifications but also what succession planning looks like to. Right. And I think that's that's other critical pieces. Look my outside you coming in having been a chief human capital officer for an 80,000 member organization. We need very much to work on succession planning within the organization and I know that the executive director fully identifies with that and and we need to we need to work on it. It's clearly a clearly an issue. Thank you for your candor. I just let me be a little candid here. This is about hiring brought civil service here to talk about hiring to talk about position so the idea of not knowing what positions need to be filled. I mean that's that's what this is about. That's why we're here. That's that's what this meeting is for to help fill positions at sewage and water board. And and so we want to know what the obstacles are to that and some grand statement without evidence that it's the residency requiring requirement that's preventing us from getting there. That that's not helpful in this setting because that is a very big issue for a lot of citizens who would like to be considered. So if a statement like that's going to be made then you should expect this body to ask questions and want to know how many of these jobs involve digging a hole. How many of these jobs require a certain licensure and what those rates have been like. So I guess to that end who at sewage and water board right now is being paid to and is tasked with doing exactly what you described to council member banks and council member Jerusalem and analyzing impact of residency requirements. Is that is that what you're asking. No. I just I just assumed that that was the biggest council member. Council member I don't know how it's turned into this is the biggest issue here. I made a statement that said that we believe I believe that as as a person who's come outside into the organization that the residency requirement does create smaller hiring pools for certain positions. It doesn't prevent us from hiring within the parish on many of the positions but there are some problematic and troublesome ones that we struggle with. And and again my anecdotal and information and certainly in my information and and talking to potential candidates for some positions is that they're not willing to move into the parish. Whether or not we can get away reform that's great but but but I think that there are some out there some positions at various positions on the board that are going to be always be problematic because of the residency rule percentage wise it's not the vast majority but it is. But when you have certain key positions yeah it can be it can be difficult. Okay let's park those let's park that number that's not the vast majority. Why are we why we not feel the rest of those. You know that's a good question. I think we can do better. I think we're working with civil service to try to fill. I want to talk about civil service when they gave their presentation they gave their answer they got two days three days and two days. And so the question is this sewage and water board identifies positions to fill that is the first part of this flow chart. That's not that's not a civil service issue. So why can't we fill these other low level positions. I think we are filling those positions we're working towards filling them. I think we have we have people working on those right now. I can give you the numbers but not right now. I think we're making an effort towards that. And as I mentioned you know when we get I think we really do need an HR director and we'll get that very soon. And I think you're going to see some distinct changes once I get that kind of supervision over HR and the organization. What's it what's the timeline for having an HR director in a seat. I'm in the middle of hiring interviews right now so I really would rather not discuss a timeline. I need to finish the interviews. We only got four years. We have four years of term. So like in the four year stretch where we have I think I think we can have the interviews done in the next week. And if the interviews provide an adequate candidate certainly can offer a position within two or three weeks. That's the best I can do right now not knowing what I've got a lot two or three weeks is helpful. I mean it is. But I don't know what I've got to finish the interviews now and I've got to decide through the process with civil service whether those candidates are going to be adequate for the position. The last thing I want to do is hire. I think we want to hire. We want to hire a good HR director and I want to make sure that we've got the right person. So are you all involved in that process now. Miss Hudson Mr. Not at this point we have the eligible list. And so right now it's a water board to interview after they come up with the results of this interview. Then we may get involved again if it's not an adequate applicant pool. Right now it's for them to conduct interviews. The last part was Miss Jenkins correct. Yes. Thank you. Any other questions on the topic of student water board and civil service director. Thank you. I'm not the director. Consultant. Thank you. OK I'm going to turn it over to Amy Japan. Yeah. Our deputy director to give a presentation on the police recruit hiring process. So I'll just walk you through the steps fairly quickly. We have a flowchart as well. Shelly I guess you can go ahead and go to the flowchart. So to start the process candidates apply online. They can do so through various portals including the city's website NOLA dot gov join NOPD dot org as well as government jobs dot com. Last year we received over forty seven hundred applications and so far this year we've received over eleven hundred applications. Once we receive those applications civil service reviews applications to make sure that the applicants meet the minimum qualifications which are essentially to be 20 years of age and have a high school diploma or GED. Once we deem that the applicants are eligible for local applicants we send them an email with all the information regarding walk in testing civil service test for police recruits six days a week which includes five walk in testing testing sessions Monday through Friday as well as a walk in testing session on Wednesday evenings. We also test by appointment on Saturdays so we try to provide many opportunities for people to come in and test for out of area applicants. We offer bundled testing twice a month where the out of area applicants are asked to self schedule and pick test states and then they come in civil service test them hands them off to civil to the police department where the police department holds panel interviews background investigations and physical agility testing. Last year we tested over a thousand applicants and so far this year we've tested about over two hundred and thirty applicants. Again once we finish the mold and it's a multiple choice test it takes three hours maybe to administer that test. Once we get those results we give it back to NOPD that same day and again once they get that information they administer background investigations physical agility testing and panel interviews. Once applicants successfully complete those three items which are done concurrently NOPD gives applicants back to civil service and we oversee the administration of medical and psychological screenings for those applicants. Once applicants are deemed medically and psychologically suitable they're handed back to NOPD to give the applicants their start date and fill out any starting paperwork. Send them for a drug test those sorts of items. That's essentially it. Thank you very much. Now I know there were a number of issues in the hiring process that were highlighted over a year ago I.E. testing location and frequency advertisement for positions etc. And your office has worked with the department and the police and justice foundation to make some vast improvements in that area. Correct. We've worked very closely with those partners. Over the last two years we've had a new test developed a new written test developed. We've gotten a new psychological screening process. NOPJF has been a great partner in advertising for police recruit applicants. They've also partnered with NOPD in terms of reaching out and having continued contact with applicants in the process. And so those those partners have been very helpful in helping to revamp the process. The walk in testing options were expanded so that people can come and have access to our test at their convenience. Trying to think of anything else. NOPD handles the physical agility testing now as opposed to when we handled it before so they can sort of schedule people at any phase in their portion of the process for that piece. I want to thank you for that work with those other partners. I know we have Chief Goodley as well as Deputy Chief of Staff for the Superintendent Ferguson as well as well as Eric Millon who can actually address some of that as well. I know the the recruitment CEA with the foundation I think has landed has provided some great strides. Chief Eric, you want to comment on that? I think it's a high note and is worth discussing. Good afternoon Councilman and members of the board. I just want to say that the process I just have to go on record and say to give you the best candidate to come and join the New Orleans Police Department is a constant assessment and evaluation to provide the best candidate to join our department. So once again to provide that opportunity to explain the great working relationship we have with our partners. The New Orleans Police and Justice Foundation is a great partnership to start spearheading the advertisements that's working well. The Civil Service Commission, Ms. Hudson and her team, Amy Tris-Pangier and Shelley Stoop, we have a great working relationship. But the constant evaluation and assessment to produce the quality candidate is the number one priority. So their expertise and their guidance along with our expertise and guidance is a great partnership right now to produce the best candidates that are coming on our streets to serve the citizens of New Orleans at this point. Thank you Chief. I know the increased influx of applications have led to a particularly good problem for us to have. I want to thank you all for working together on that. I want to ask one question on one area and I'm not sure who would be best to answer it. But with regards to, and I think this came up when we were talking about sewage and water board, somebody brought up the NeoGov reporting. And with regards to how that applies with NOPD, have we taken any look at the consent decree mandates regarding reporting for opportunities to sort of streamline that with the NeoGov requirements so that maybe we could just potentially do that one time with that streamline help and assist? So reporting in terms of hiring information and the process. It seems like it might be a bit duplicative. I don't know. I'd just like to hear your thoughts on that. NOPD right now has access to all their candidates in NeoGov. They have more access than any of the departments. They can see their candidates within the steps. We've been working with NOPJF on a feed that will go from NeoGov directly to Salesforce that will give them sort of up to the minute updates of where their applicants are. I'm not sure the Salesforce reporting capabilities, but NOPD should be able to see all their applicants in our system already. So I don't know what reporting requirements are. So when it comes to the NeoGov aspect, it relates more along the lines to the performance evaluations, and they're trying to streamline the compliance bureau, spared by Danny Murphy, has been working on trying to streamline one specific process to reduce the burden on completing those performance evaluations. Because right now we have actually three involved. In NeoGov, we have Insight, which is our internal program, and then we have a hard copy that we have to do in relation to performance evaluations. That's how NeoGov is actually creating an atmosphere where we want to do an analysis of burden reduction in that area. I guess I'm wondering to what extent, Ken, is it possible for civil service to help that streamline process? One of the things that we get out of the consent decree is this wonderful department we have now, and they're doing a fabulous job. But it has police officers who are tasked with a lot of administrative duties in addition to just being a police officer. So if we could take one of those out or combine some of that same information, so there's just one process. I'm wondering if there's some bandwidth there. Yes, okay. So that's a different NeoGov module than the application piece. I usually use the wrong words for stuff, so help them to get there. So our staff actually was working with some of the NOPD compliance monitoring, the internal monitoring team. I know we have added some consent decree pieces to the city standard evaluation process. I know there was talk of uploading some other periodic evaluations into our system. I think they ran into an issue with the timing of those. But certainly the system has capabilities to add other performance evaluations outside of just the city's yearly evaluation in there. I think the person that we were working with is actually out on maternity leave at the moment. The person at the police department. At the police department, yeah, is out on maternity leave. So I'm happy to circle back with Chief Goodlee to work on that project again. But there are capabilities in terms of adding that the consent decree required information and leveraging that system. And we're totally supportive of doing that and working with them on that. That would be very, very helpful. I think that the consent decree poses certain conundrum, certain situations, but also opportunities. Right. So to the extent that we can seize those opportunities to find some efficiencies, I think it'd be especially at a time we don't have as many police officers as we might like to have. So I appreciate you working with the department on that. Yeah. And the latest update from the compliant bureau deputy chief is that they come up coming up with a resolution to try to reduce the burden reduction on specifically the NeoGov platform. Great. Very good to hear. And to the extent that y'all can help them with that, that would be absolutely ideal. I think that's it. Any questions from the dais on this topic? A little off center on this one. But I've just heard some anecdotal information about a lot of people can't afford to live in New Orleans right now in terms of people that want to be home buyers because of the cost of housing. And I know we also want to incentivize the people that currently live, I mean, currently work out of our sewage and water board, NOPD. They don't live because we know we still have a lot of folks that don't live necessarily in New Orleans. But there are some good programs being rolled out right now. FANO is about to roll out a soft second program in New Orleans, which is going to go up to like 160 AMI, which really hits police officer salaries as well as sewage and water salaries at all levels to really incentivize home ownership in New Orleans. It would be great within our recruitment efforts to really talk about those kind of opportunities for people to move and own their own homes here in New Orleans. So it's just something that I'd like to state and see if we can't partner up with FANO and Ganoa to really make sure that we have housing opportunities for people that are looking for employment here. Absolutely. Yes, ma'am. We do a lot of initiatives to try to recruit within as well as expand those opportunities for me for individuals that are seeking to reside within the city. The best initiatives available to reach their resource and their ability to move within our city to move forward with the recruitment. Councilman Palmer, thank you. Chief, thank you. We do have one public comment card from Stephanie Hinnings. Stephanie. Hi, my name is Steph Hennings. I'm the director of innovation for the city of New Orleans, and I'm also working with the city to represent the administration at civil service commission meetings. I just would like to clarify one part of the process as it relates to the eligible applicants. I know that those numbers do look really high, but there is a process that is required and that blocks almost the removal of applicants. So it could very well be the case that someone, or that sewage and water board, as an example, has interviewed or called to interview an individual on the eligible list. They have not called back three times or their interview didn't go as well, and they realize that they're not actually eligible for the position. It's not so easy to cross the name off the list. There's a process, and I'm sure civil service can explain that process better, but the removal of a name or the lack of flexibility in removing a name causes those numbers to look a bit more inflated than they are. Amy or Steph? We haven't received any feedback from the water board about the need to clean out anyone from the eligible lists. Also, when we establish eligible lists, we establish them for one year. So even if a person was non-responsive, their name would fall off of the list after they're being on it for a year. And so Steph, are you referring to this same list that she's talking about that's purged after a year? Are you referring to something else? No, I am. And I don't know how it is relative to the sewage and water board. I haven't looked at their list, but I mean, Brendan and I are working together on looking at the Youth Study Center as an example to see which juvenile detention officers have been interviewed or reached out to and which have not, so that we could have a more accurate internal list of who is eligible and still a possible candidate, not who is technically eligible, but not feasible. So we have received that feedback from juvenile detention, and we have worked with them previously on cleaning out the list for the applicants that meet that criteria. And it's actually if they fail to respond one time, they can be removed. And so is that ideal? If they fail to respond one time? That's up to the departments to decide what their tolerance is for non-responsive applicants. As a recruiter, director, a lot of times those same applicants, though, then apply again on these continuous exams. And so it's a fluid process, right? So we remove them because of NEOgov, it's per your application. Each application is unique. They will then apply again if it's been six months. We put them on the register, and then they're going to get the name again. So when you keep things open on a continuous basis, some of those things come up and you just have to deal with them. But, yeah, we do work pretty well with juvenile services to remove people on those registers. Like I said, we have not received that feedback from the Water Board that there are non-responsive applicants on those registers. And let me just  a lot of these here, the numbers are set high. Again, these are like  they don't have a lot of special, unique requirements, but they're open on a continuous basis. When you go live with an online system that is open for application 24 hours a day, seven days a week, it never shuts off, and you keep things open, you're going to get a lot of applications. And so that's where some of these numbers  they're very high, but if you don't shut it down, you know, and if you get 100 applicants a month and it's been open for, you know, two years, or, you know, as I think the water service inspector, that's been open a very long time. And if you're not really looking for vacancies, we hate keeping these lists open. If they don't really have vacancies, you're not looking for people. It's not fair to the people to get on the list and then sit there forever and not be considered, so. Thank you. Okay. Thank you, Seth, for weighing in on that. We have one other public comment card, Eric Milonso. As Eric comes up, I'd like to  as chair of the Criminal Justice Committee and president of the council, thank you for your work here in the city of New Orleans with Chief Harrison and now Chief Ferguson. I understand that you will be moving on to Baltimore to help them get into compliance and reach new heights. I just want to thank you for everything you've done here. You've done amazing work, and we value it, and we appreciate it, and we're sorry to see you go. Thank you, Councilmember. I appreciate that. I just wanted to come  the superintendent wanted to make sure that for all of our efforts in working with civil service and working to get more police recruit applicants into the door, part of his initiatives coming forward that we'll be seeing in the upcoming months is a renewed focus on recruiting more folks into our ranks. And I just want to thank the opportunity that civil service brings to us to be able to come up with better ideas on how to streamline the process, how to make it more responsive. It's important for everyone to understand that when we talk about police recruitment, it is a national challenge for all law enforcement agencies across the country. And when we look at qualified applicants, of course we want to look to as many locals as we can, but there are many individuals that are interested in being law enforcement professionals in any major city. And for those that are interested in coming into New Orleans, finding every way that we can to incentivize them, recruit them, make sure that they stay engaged in the process. One of the initiatives that the superintendent wants to push forward on is having a better kind of customer service relationship between NOPD and the recruits that are coming through the process. We're looking at adding on additional civilian support for recruiters to do that very task. And so one of the other things I'll just kind of say is that in the effort of looking at how NOPD can be successful in the future, in addition to additional police resources that we know we need, we also need a steady supply of qualified civilian personnel to help support our police operations. So I just want to take this opportunity to make sure that everyone understands that civilianization is a key part of our ongoing plans so that we can get the maximum level of support to our citizens and police services while trying to recruit as many people in that nationally competitive environment as possible. So, superintendent just wanted to thank the council for their support in our efforts. We're continuing to grow and we're continuing to see good numbers in that. And it's partnerships like the NOPJF and with civil service to be able to push forward so that we're constantly looking at every qualified applicant and making sure that we retain the folks that we have once they're trained up and on the job. So thank you. Thank you for saying that, Eric. And thank you for your work in pushing our numbers up and getting us closer to compliance and just really making the department better while you were here. We wish you and your family the best in Baltimore. One last question, and I think this is for civil service with regards to when an applicant for the police department is turned down. They receive a letter. It's a form letter. And it's sometimes I think it sort of just broadly speaks to why they were turned down. Is it possible to revise those form letters in a way that gives a bit more specificity so that someone knows if it was a minor issue and they can reapply in X number of months or X number of years or if it's a major issue and they don't need to reapply at all? Yes. So I think you're referring specifically to when people are not successful in the background investigation. Correct. So currently we already break it down into do you have an issue that's going to disqualify you forever or do we encourage you to reapply in a year? So right now there is that bifurcated message. We did have a conversation with NOPD a couple of weeks ago in terms of providing an even more detailed level of what the reasoning is for rejection in order to help people who have items that can be addressed address those items during that time. So we've asked that NOPD send us the language that they'd like us to include as well as sort of what the different categories will be in terms of that messaging. So we absolutely can do that. We've agreed to do that. And I think both of us are ready to move forward on that as soon as we get the information. Thank you very much. Brendan, thank you. Amy, thank you. Lisa, thank you. Ms. Stoop, thank you very much. Thank you. Appreciate it. Our next agenda item is Cure Violence. Presenting on their behalf is David Bocage and Calvin Papp. As David comes to the table, I'd like to say that I am happy to host you as you complete the work of rebranding and rolling out plans for violence reduction. We're happy to hear about your work, the work that you've already done, the work that you've been doing, and what those next steps will look like. Shelly, thank you very much for today. We look forward to working with you in concert to get ourselves to the point that the low jail numbers that we were talking about earlier today continue to go down and that public safety is going up. Thank you all for being with us here today and welcome. Thank you for allowing us to be here. And the other floor. Oh, thank you. So we're here today to not only present what we've kind of envisioned for the upcoming year, but the adjustments that have been made over the past five or six years of its existence, the program, and under the auspices of in leadership of Commissioner Stevens, who's sitting to my left. I came on board in September and upon arriving, the gentleman to my left, Mr. Calvin pep, was serving as interim director as well as program manager, along with all the other positions that exist within the program. When the night out against crime event happened in October, we wrote out the new name same model from ceasefire to cure violence and took a more public health approach at that point. With that being said, being public health, we tend to look at that with more preventative measures through the school systems through mental health capacities through the hospital crisis unit. To reaching out to different school systems and charter schools to come in and teach about the intervention and how to become better stewards of citizens and helping advocate for our programs to reach out to younger populations within our city. So by looking at and focusing on that aspect, we've expounded our age range from initially, which was 16 to 25 from now it's 2012 to 35, excuse me. And we're even grappling with whether or not we should lower that even more so to 10 years old, which we discovered being the entry level to our our juvenile justice system. So in the past six months, we've reached out to several council members, Miss win and Miss Palmer and yourself, our president and and we we're hoping to reach out to the rest of the council members and I see council member banks here, which our office is in in his district. And we are hoping to also reach out to recreational facilities, the Nord faith based groups, business owners. So I was listening to the employment. Yes, economics and employment is an issue. And the more we can reach out to business owners and corporations to give entry level positions and vocational opportunities to our youth, the better. And so with that being said, I guess I can give the mic to Mr. to Mr. PEP and just let him share his settlements and his experiences over the years and where he sees us going forward at this point, if you would allow me to do that. Thank you. Thank you. My name is Calvin. I'm the program manager at care violence. I actually started in October 2012 at care violence at that moment. We only was responsible for like a 10 by 10 rock radius in Central City. However, over the time, we've been expanding throughout the city, which makes it difficult for us to maintain the progress that we've had over the years in Central City, because now we are spread it then amongst the whole entire city and being understaffed even for Central City. Now, I believe that the work that we've done and the successes that we've had, we can read those throughout the whole city. And we can't wait if we had the proper funding and had more staff working with us. I've heard many concerns from council members that want us in their areas, New Orleans East, Algiers, and we try to touch those areas as much as we could. It really would be nice to actually have a care violence team in those areas to maintain to actually maintain the things that we're doing there at the moment. So when I first started there and just to give a little success behind the program. When I first started there averaged about 12 or 13 murders in that 10 by 10 black radius of Central City in 2017. There was five murders in that 10 by 10 black rate, which is a lot because people lost their life, but it was a 44% reduction. And I understand along with other other organizations that worked in, it was a 44% reduction in murders and a 6% reduction in shootings. And I think that if we can just focus on different areas the same way that we focused on Central City, that we can also bring those numbers down as well in other parts of the city. So the thing is, if we move from Central City and move to another part of the city where crime is going on, then it picks back up in Central City because we have to maintain those relationships and keep pushing our program in the minds and the heads of the people that we target and the people of the community. And we would like to extend those same services to the other areas around the greater New Orleans area. Miss Spep, thank you. Yes, sir. I know I've enjoyed talking to David in great detail about the work and how rebranding it I think is going to reach out reach more people. And I hope that we can get you in front of every council member so that we can get you in every neighborhood. There's some neighborhoods that need it more than others, but they all need it. Yes. Councilmember Palmer. I just want to thank you all for your work. I was so impressed when we first went on the tour down in the emergency room at UMC and the work that you do there is just absolutely remarkable. I think it really is a model for the rest of the country. And you know, I want you all in Algiers and St. Rock as well as is a big is a big issue. So anything that we can do to support you and your great work, just please let us know that we're there. Absolutely. With that being said, we are identifying we're trying to identify a space to go in Canvas, collective Canvas tomorrow. Where? In the Algiers. Oh, okay. Great. So you need a space in order to Canvas out of? Yeah. Well, we have office space for mediation, private mediations out of the Arthur Mundy facility. Good. Because I know we've been working with the administration to try to program that. And we have we have the youth empowerment project there that I know is one of your partners. And we were successful in getting them in there last time I was in office. So you're going to be operating out of the Arthur Mundy center. Excellent. Absolutely. Thank you. And also, I would like to raise awareness if I may to not only the program being a good thing for the community. It's also beneficial to the staff that works there. So if you know the population of people that works at ceasefire and I tell you that these people are actually going back to college. Some of them are getting GED. We're going back to college. We're getting college degrees in order to be a better model of change for the people that we are talking. And, you know, just personally, I always tell this. I just told this story before I came here. Myself, I dropped out in the seventh grade. And may I have a master's degree in criminal justice. I also have a degree in addictive behavior counseling and prevention and starting to become a licensed addiction counsel. So I'm just saying that if it happens for me, that way it can happen for anyone. And that same thing is happening for the staff. We have one that's planning on going to law school. You know, we have other people that's in school for social work, business and things like that. So we are trying to become that model for change to be the change that we want to see in the community. And I just think that, you know, we should always highlight that as well when we're talking about the program. Yes. Councilmember Banks. I work with you guys and knew who you were long before I got to the city council. I'm a fan. I admire what you do. And I would look forward to helping you spread this throughout not only the city, but across the country because it does work. And you don't have to be a brain surgeon at one and one to get to and know that it's the way it's ought to be having you on the ground interfacing with the folks that are going to be involved in this retaliation type activities does prevent them. And I'm very, very excited to be a partner with you. Let me know I can help. And we look forward to the progressing even more. Thank you. Thank you. I'm in touch. David Calvin, thank you so much for the work you're doing. Thank you for this presentation. You are a model Calvin for exactly what can happen. And at the end of the day, you know, we hope we can work you out of a job or at least work the numbers. Absolutely low so that you got bankers hours in terms of cure violence. Well, we just do a paradigm shift. There we go. We prevent more than high risk. Boom. You're already ready for the pivot. It's got to get to that. You guys get to those numbers. Thank you guys very, very much. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Next, we will have our public safety analyst for the council. Mr. Jeff Asher. He will come to the table to discuss two very important updates on the public facing dashboards that we have had. These information tools are very exciting. These information tools are also just excellent ways to fight the fear mongering that pops up in this city and in this country. It's really easy to describe someone as a monster and use one story to depict an entire picture, but really flies in the face of the empirical data that exists. I'm so glad that we have Jeff Asher here and very glad that we have this public information tool that will allow a citizen, whether they be in New Orleans East or Lakeview or Algiers or Central City, not just rely on a Fox News report, but to actually see what crimes are occurring in their neighborhood and how old those offenders are. Mr. Asher. Thank you. I apologize. I'm getting these ready to be able to show them off. And of course, it has frozen. Thank you all for having me. I guess since we're waiting, I'll start with the one that is up. I'm very excited today to be in front of you again and to be able to present some of the work that I've done and that we've done in hopefully creating new and unique ways of presenting the work. And unique ways of presenting criminal justice data to the New Orleans public. The first one that I am demoing is a youth study center population snapshot. I'd like to credit Councilmember Wynn for saying why don't we have this? And it being a very good idea as something that this being a product that we can create and to produce for the public. I'm demoing it now. It's not quite ready to be put on to the council website. We're still trying to work a couple of kinks out of it, but I'm very excited because I think it is. We talk about being able to present criminal justice in ways that the city of New Orleans has never done. I think this is the forefront of being in a position to present criminal justice information on a very important subject, which is the youth study center. What this does is it models a lot of the things that we have with the Orleans Justice Center population snapshot, but it applies it to the youth study center. It provides a daily count of the number of juveniles that are in YSC custody. It breaks down those individuals by race and gender. It unique to this dashboard is it shows how long those individuals have been in custody based on different categories. So four of them right now under a week to over one year. We break down the age of the individuals and importantly we show color code based on whether or not an individual, whether a kid is in the juvenile court system or the adult court system so that people can identify that. One of the suggestions that was made was to not just show the number of juveniles in YSC custody per day, but to break that down as the percent of the YSC capacity. So right now I think the capacity is 48 juveniles and so the 32 would be two thirds capacity. And then we show the number of juveniles that have been intakes. So not detentions necessarily, but kids that have come into the juvenile justice center over 12 months of rolling count. And what is, I think, important about something like this is you can see the various charges that are at intake. I should note that just because someone is arrested on a certain charge does not mean that they are ever prosecuted for that charge or convicted for that charge. But these are the number of juveniles that are brought into custody at intake and you can do something like select the simple burglary charge which more often than not has been vehicle burglaries. It takes a moment, but it's responsive so you can see the ages of the individuals that are in custody. You can see how long they've been in custody, demographics of it. And then you can see this chart breaks down the number of juveniles that are in custody, taken into custody with a simple burglary charge over time. And you can see it's gone from about a little over 50, 75 to 50 over 12 months to over the last 12 months we're at 232. So quite an increase in juveniles in YSC custody or intakes into the juvenile court system over 12 months for simple burglary charges. So that is the YSC snapshot. This is still frozen. Excuse me. While you're getting ready there, I just wanted to say, you know, not mentioned the media before, there's been a lot of media attention paid to juvenile arrest, juvenile trends. And oftentimes, they'll just use the word crime, you know. And the suggestion is that it is violent crime. But this dashboard really lets you see what those charges are and really what the actual trends are. So I appreciate you extracting as much raw data from as many sources as possible as you can to remove that sort of onerous framing of any of the data that the public gets. And I applaud Councilmember Nguyen for suggesting that we have this same focus of a public facing dashboard for our juveniles in custody as well. I think it's really, really important for not only us, but the public to know what we're really dealing with. But we need to push every single criminal justice silo to be as robust and uniform in sharing its data so that we can see what the facts really are. Back to you, Jeff. Thank you, sir. I would agree. I think it's terrific to be able to show this and to show it in an unbiased, automatically updating way that this is what's happening in the criminal justice system. And both for you guys as decision makers and for the public at large to be in a position to then let's take what the facts are and then have our discussion from there rather than just build our assumptions. The second dashboard that I think I've demoed before, but now I'm very excited to say that this is now on the City Council website, is the consent to create dashboard. Council President, this is something that you pushed as something that's very important for us to be able to do. Similar with the YSC dashboard. This allows the public to understand not necessarily what's going on with consent to create monitoring, but what are the products of all of that monitoring and and and there are various components of the consent to create that have said we want you to produce X, Y and Z data and what this dashboard does. It says we have this data. 700,000 rows of data does nothing for the average citizen. This is a way for the average citizen to interact with that data in a new and novel way. So what this does is it takes straight from the criminal justice committee website on the council website. It takes three aspects of the consent decree and allows for these things to be looked at to be broken down to be explored by anybody that has just an Internet connection. The first is stop and search the NOPD's field interview card system. This takes all of the every time that there's a traffic stop every time there's a calls for service that NOPD does something. They're supposed to fill out a field interview card and this takes all of the information that's going on. The second is the age of the individuals that stop. The third is just a rolling count of the number of individuals stopped over time. The fourth is the race and gender of the individuals that's being stopped. I wouldn't say that this can necessarily is a tool that inherently shows something going right or something going wrong. But it is the type of tool that if we see an increase in stops that appear to have some sort of racial bias or something else that is not right or we're not within the bounds of what the consent decree is supposed to be saying that NOPD is supposed to be doing, this is an important tool that could help us to identify that occurring. So if you want, you can break down. I know that the council has worked on juvenile warnings as an issue. Over the last few years and last fall NOPD began to implement juvenile warnings. So if you break down the stop by juvenile violation and you say that a warning occurred, you can very interestingly see this policy coming into effect. You can see juvenile warnings in the second half of 2018 becoming a thing that NOPD is doing and you can look deeper into those things as they occur. You can also look at misconduct complaints and based on the type of complaint, how long NOPD investigates, how many complaints are occurring and the race and the gender of the generally officer but any type of NOPD employee, you can see all of that information. And then the final is use of force and what I think is interesting is right off the bat, you see NOPD use of force is declining. And we only have from January 2016 to present data so we don't have back to the 90s. I'm sure you would see an even bigger decline if you had back to the 90s. But this is a very interesting trend. You'd obviously like to see fewer uses of force with NOPD and this is something that we're seeing and you can start to dig in using all of these different categories, the type, the condition, whether or not it's a firearm being exhibited, you can see very few firearm discharges occurring, physical force, whether it's a taser or canine, you can determine the race and gender of the officer, the race and gender of the subject, all of these different things that you can break down. You can look at this probably for hours or days and come up with different types of analysis and different subject matters you'd want to look at further. So, I'm excited that this is now available to the public right on the council website and I'm sure that there are lots of discoveries that I'm not aware of and that somebody that's interested, a researcher, an academic can come up with. So, I'd open the floor if there are any questions before I move on to the juvenile justice trends. No, please go right into it. Okay, great. The second thing I want to report on is just a breakdown in juvenile justice. I know that this has been an issue that's been hotly debated in the public of late and it's something that as I look at some of the data sets and some of the trends that are developing, it's something that I would like to be able to report on going forward. And so, I thought that this would be something that might be useful to be able to present on for you all. Three different categories I want to talk about. The first is just the overall trends that we're seeing. I know that juvenile offenses and specifically violent juvenile offenses has been something that has been something that has been in the news and something that has been talked about a lot in both policy and non-policy circles. And I think it's important first off to just put some context to it. And so, when you look at all arrests that are occurring in the city of New Orleans and this is both through the juvenile court system and the adult court system, you can break it down. There are a little under 20,000, about 18,000 or so total arrests that happen each of the last three years. And if you look at 2018's numbers, this big blue slice here, Pac-Man slice here, is all adults without a violent charge when they are arrested. So, this is the charge at arrest, pre-conviction, the two-thirds of everyone that's arrested is an adult without a violent charge. This other quarter here, slice, is adults with a violent offense charge at arrest. This brown slice here is juveniles in the juvenile court system with non-violent offense charges. And this tiny green slice here is 1.6% is juveniles with violent offense charges. So, when we talk about changes in adult violent charges or juvenile violent charges, it's good to contextualize that if they're up or they're down, we're talking about this tiny slice of the overall criminal justice system when we're talking about those. Another trend is there has been, I think rightly pointed out, a slight increase in both adults and juveniles being arrested on violent charges. And overall charges have stayed steady the last few years. And what's interesting is if you chart the percentage of adults with at least one violent charge at arrest and the percentage of juveniles with at least one violent charge at arrest, you essentially see the same pattern of the same number of arrests but slight increase in violent arrests for violent offenses to where you've gone from about 10% of adults and about 13% of juveniles with violent charges in 2013 to a little over a quarter of adults and almost a quarter of juveniles had at least one violent charge in 2018. And I think what this points to is maybe in part a slight increase in violent crime as it's defined, but I think more or less it points to an NOPD that is more focused on one making fewer of the traffic offenses, city ordinance, minor arrests, that the city has tried so hard to get the jail population down to 1,111 people. And second, that NOPD is focusing their efforts more on making those important violent arrests. And so when you talk about violent offenses going up, I think that it's obviously not a good thing, but I think it's important to put it in this context of it's not just juvenile violent offenders that is going up, it's this general trend within the city of focusing on the most important offenses. And the raw numbers at the back end may just be the result of that policy shift. The second trend that I do want to point out, I mentioned it with the YSC dashboard. It's kind of the elephant in the room when we talk about what's happening in crime and criminal justice in New Orleans is that we've seen a pretty significant increase in vehicle burglaries. And there's no council district, there's no part of the city that this has left unscathed. And on the left here you can see a chart of vehicle burglary incidents over 12 months, really picking up steam over the second half of 2018. If you break it down monthly or over six months, that trend really picks up towards the end of 2018, and it has continued into the first three months of 2019 with a slight slowdown over the last month. But I think vehicle burglaries over the first three months of 2018 were up something like, or 2019 were up something like 72 or 77% over the first three months of 2018. What is interesting is that this chart on the right, if you track the juvenile arrests, juveniles arrested with a simple burglary charge and without a simple burglary charge, this graph should actually be switched. The blue are juveniles without a simple burglary charge. And that shows that you've basically seen the same number of juveniles being arrested. What are you saying should be switched? It shouldn't actually. I misread it, I apologize. The blue here are juveniles without a simple burglary charge. And you can see since 2014 through 2018, generally the same number of juveniles being arrested each year. A dip in 2016, but 2018 was no different. The green is juveniles with a simple burglary charge. And that is where when you talk about an increase in juvenile intakes in 2018, it's largely driven by this green increase that you didn't have in previous years. If you break down the individual arrests for vehicle burglaries, you can see, and you break it down by was a juvenile involved or not. We were typically at this chart on the left, typically somewhere between 20 and 30% of all vehicle burglary incidents that had an arrest. A juvenile was one of the people arrested. And over the last 12 months in 2018, that number was up over 50%. I think 46% of all people that were arrested for a vehicle burglary in 2018 was a juvenile. And this chart on the right breaks down the number, the percent of all juvenile court intakes that were for a vehicle burglary incident over six months. And between 2013 and 2017, you'd say under 5% normally were juveniles. So under 5% of juvenile intakes at juvenile court were for a vehicle burglary incident. Over the last six months of 2018, over 20% of all juvenile court intakes were for a vehicle burglary incident. So a really dramatic change is occurring over the last year, year and a half in terms of the number of juveniles that are being brought in under these incidents. I know that this is something that a lot of people are aware of. It's on the news frequently as far as juvenile arrests in various neighborhoods for these types of crime. And I think that these numbers at least put some data behind what I think has been sort of felt throughout the public. Last thing I want to talk about is something that I worked on with the mayor's office of Youth and Family Services on behalf of the council. Just trying to provide some sort of assessment as far as what kind of impact raise the age legislation would have on the youth study center population and their ability to basically provide for that population. As you probably know, March 1, 2019, 17-year-olds charged with nonviolent offenses were going to be included in the juvenile justice system and July 1, 2020, 17-year-olds of all offenses, violent or non-violent, will be included in the juvenile justice system. So the idea was how can we determine what impact these changes will have. One of the things that we did was to break down essentially who was serving within OJC, whether or not they had a violent offense associated with them. Just looking at this snapshot from February 2019 of those individuals, the 17-year-olds that were in custody in OJC at that moment, only two had no violent offenses associated with them, which brought to mind that this is probably something that is not going to occur. It's something that is not going to at least initially have a major impact. July 2020, we're probably talking about a significantly larger impact in terms of all juveniles, all 17-year-olds being brought to YSC. And another thing, another way to look at it is are the rates of detention, how long individuals are kept in detention similar at YSC and OJC? And so I broke that down based on the number of juveniles with a non-violent offense charge at arrest. The average stay of one of those juveniles was 14 and a half days at YSC from February 2018 through January 2019. At OJC, it was about 11 days for a juvenile with a violent offense. At YSC, it was 48.3 days was the average. OJC was 49.6 days. So very similar, which I think also goes to the assessment that we're probably going to see similar detention behavior once all juveniles are going to YSC. And so finally, just sort of bringing that all together to guesstimate how many juveniles we're talking about just with the nonviolent juvenile offenses. At YSC, this chart on the right shows the number of 17-year-olds in custody at any one time on average for a nonviolent offense. You can see we've come down incredibly significantly from 25 on average in 2010 to over the last year. We're looking at somewhere between three and five. So the best assessment that we can give is that once all of the nonviolent juveniles are being incarcerated at YSC, we're probably looking at somewhere at current arrest rates. We're probably looking at somewhere around three 17-year-olds with only nonviolent offenses, which suggests that the major impact of this legislation will likely occur in July of 2020. So those are the trends that I wanted to highlight for you all. And that's all my presentation. Jeff, thank you very, very much. We do have Rachel Gassert from LCCR, our first public comment. Good afternoon. Thank you, council members. Rachel Gassert with the Louisiana Center for Children's Rights. I just wanted to thank you for having this presentation. Thank you, Jeff, for sharing this information. I'm extremely excited about the dashboards. I was thrilled to see that we'll be able to look in real time at how many warnings are being issued for the pay ordinance. So that's super exciting and I think a great resource for our city, given how data has been misused especially recently. It's super important that we have accurate data to inform our policy decisions, especially when it comes to young people. Unfortunately, our elected district attorney has recently been making claims about juvenile crime that are not backed up by data. Last year, his office told the media that juvenile felonies had tripled, which was not true. After we had pointed out the obvious error in the data that he provided, the news story about it was pulled. This year, he is claiming that juvenile violent crime is at historic levels, which is also not true, as you could tell from the presentation we just heard. Crimes committed by young people continue to make up a tiny percentage of overall crime in New Orleans, as the presentation also demonstrated. Yet the DA is fixated on this issue and claims that children are creating, quote, the biggest crime problem of 2019. It seems that the DA is using inaccurate data in order to sow fear and justify his severe treatment of kids in the justice system, including his practice of prosecuting kids as adults. These policies have not made us any safer. In fact, we know from hard data that incarcerating youth, especially in adult jails and prisons, makes kids more likely to re-offend in the future. It's unclear why the DA continues to use policies that don't work. What is clear is that we need to do something different to make our city safer and help kids thrive. We need to invest in our young people on the front end to prevent violence. And if they do make bad decisions, we need to respond in ways that get them on the right track. We've seen the city council take some good steps in this direction, and we encourage you to keep implementing solutions based on facts, not fear. Thank you. Ms. Gasser, thank you for weighing in, and thank you for that very brave and honest discussion of what the facts really are. We started years ago with a heartfelt, earnest, sincere conversation, dialogue, and working group. Myself, Councilmember Guidry, who was then chair of the Criminal Justice Committee, you and several others, your current director was in the room, and the DA was in the room with his then spokesperson, Mr. Bowman. And we met on an ongoing basis to talk about the practice of transferring youth. And what we thought was a sincere conversation to talk about what those accurate numbers were, what the charges were, what the alleged offenses were, and really talk about what the end result was going to be if he prosecuted them as adults. And it turned out, without a doubt, that it was for ease of prosecution, for ease of witnesses, not for public safety, not for victims. Victims were not being consulted with this either. So thank you for weighing in on that. It appears that the fear mongering is just a reaction and response to him wanting to do what he has decided is the most important thing, regardless of what the empirical data shows us. So again, I want to thank you, Jeff, because the trends you described have no spin. The council didn't tell you what we wanted these numbers to show. LCCR didn't weigh in with you and say what they wanted the numbers to show. The numbers are what the numbers are, and that's what the public should demand, and that's what we'll continue to give them. So thank you. Thank you. Having no further public comment, having no comments from the DAIS, I would thank everybody for their participation and move to adjourn this meeting. Seconded by Councilmember Palmer. All those in favor, say aye. Aye. Thank you, everybody.
