 President, Councilmember Banks present, Councilmember Gissens and Palmer present, Councilmember Newb present, we have four committee members, we have a quorum. Thank you, also like the record reflect that Vice President Moreno is here as a guest as well. I wanted to say welcome to the first Quality of Life committee meeting. It took just a couple of months on the job to realize that most quality of life problems are pervasive. They affect every neighborhood and that there is no natural committee where we can discuss these issues. I want to thank the at-largest for agreeing to the importance of this committee. This is the only council committee on which only the district council members sit. We have to tend to the quality of life problems in our districts and this committee provides a forum for us to discuss address and educate not only on a district level but citywide. And this committee will run a little differently and that each member will lead on issues that are most persistent in their district. For example, at the next meeting, Councilmember Nguyen has committed to working on dumping and blight. Thank you for that. Today we're here to discuss public safety issues with homelessness and trash. I want to be very clear about this meeting's purpose. The public repeatedly complains to us about panhandling and homeless population living under bridges and intents and the accompanying health and safety hazards. If we're going to have an open discussion, particularly about homelessness, then we have to talk not only about management of this issue but also about placement, services, addiction, and mental health. I tell my neighborhood groups all the time that we need to be where efficiency meets equity. We're not here to criminalize homelessness. We have to be honest though. Living on the street is dangerous and potentially life-threatening. Together we're going to work together to find better solutions. That is the reason this committee along with Councilmember Moreno invited the administration and nonprofit partners to share their voices and experience. Thank you to Bridge House, Grace House, NAMI, Azenem Inn, Unity, and the New Orleans Mission for being here today and participating. The administration has on several occasions committed to better outcomes through better management, whether through zero base budgeting, cleanup NOLA, or the creation of the Office of Youth and Family Services. Our proposed ordinance on homelessness embraces that management tool. Think about some of the data captured to date. In Richard Webster's recent NOLA.com article, he wrote, at the end of 2016, 53 people died that year, three out of four being men. The average age was 47, decades less than the average US life expectancy of 78 years old. Drug overdoses accounted for half of all deaths, followed by blunt force trauma at 25%. I want to repeat that. Followed by blunt force trauma at 25%. More than half died on the streets while others were found in abandoned homes, cars, and motels among other places. We have had lengthy discussions and meetings on this topic with the administration for months and submitted a draft ordinance about two weeks ago for everyone's consideration. Councilmember Moreno and I worked together to draft this proposed ordinance, which tweaks rules already on the book or memorializes work already being done. For example, we propose adding a requirement that signage and encampment areas be posted in English, Spanish, and Vietnamese. We also propose requiring reports be provided to the council on ongoing homeless sweeps. What items were taken? How many homeless individuals received medical treatment? And what social services were provided? We need to do better to manage our most vulnerable population. We've asked the administration's health and sanitation departments to educate the public about what they're doing during weekly sleeps and what resources they might need to better serve this community because we want to be able to provide those resources to them. This meeting is not just about removing homeless encampments and obstructions from the public right of way, but also about making sure every citizen does his or her part to keep the city clean. We will discuss sanitation issues around Tulane and Loyola universities and how we can make sure the students at our universities respect their neighbors and what the city can be doing to help the students. Finally, this work could not be done without our talented staff. The committee recognizes and thanks the work of Teresa Beecher, who worked tirelessly with us in the administration on these proposals. In addition, legislative directors Sadie Finkel, Alison Port, and Ashley Spears have been busy for a long time crafting this legislation and working internally to help spearhead this effort. We and I appreciate the hard work of all of these talented women. I was going to turn over Teresa next for any questions. I don't know if any of the other members have any comments. Council member Marina. Thank you, Councilmember Geruso, and thank you for taking the lead on this particular ordinance that we're going to discuss, and I'm very pleased to be your co-author. When you and I started discussing the issue of homelessness, we knew that we really need to focus in on how to better manage the homeless situation that we have in our city and that we really need to get a true indication of the services that need to be enhanced to help individuals who are living on the streets and and put them on a path to sustainable housing. We do know that the encampments are an issue. We hear that so often through constituent calls and constituent emails. We literally have people dying in these encampments, and as we saw last month, at times people are getting murdered in these encampments. The encampments are dangerous for those who are living there, and in my opinion that means that they're likely dangerous for those who are living and working around them as well. The ordinance before you, in my opinion, I really believe it's a public safety piece of legislation that brings more clarity and transparency around what the city can do in its capacity to handle the homeless situation. I think that predominantly what it does is creates clearer notification standards and also reporting standards so that the public understands exactly what's going on. In the ordinance it talks about reporting on the sweeps that occur, including, you know, who was out there for these sweeps, how many folks were provided outreach, and I think that that's really important for the public to have an understanding of what the city is doing. And providing these reports to the Council and to the public, I think it's important. So at the end of the day, I think that this is a good step towards trying to get a real assessment on the problem, that we are sending a clear message that this is not just about enforcement. This is about trying to figure out how every spoke of the wheel can work to fix the problem by making sure that every spoke of the wheel is being effective and that the resources are being provided. We can't just do the enforcement piece without the services being there to catch people, right? So that's what we're trying to determine, and I think by better notification and by better reporting at the end of the day, I think that that's going to provide us with the data that we also need to provide those resources and be able to fund those resources at the level that's necessary. So once again, Councilmember Geruso, thank you so much for really spearheading this and I'm happy to co-author it. Thank you, Madam Vice President. Anybody else? All right, what I thought I'd do is start the meeting with Teresa because I think so many times we have questions about, well, why are people allowed to stay on corners? Why can't the city just pick people up and move them someplace? And I know the law is the answer to it, but I think it's good to articulate that out loud. And look, I think one of the things we've been critical of from other groups is lack of education. So we have to walk that walk too. So Teresa, can you just maybe walk us through a little bit right now about the laws on panhandling under the code section 54 and then talk to us about homelessness, about living on the streets and what the city can and can't do, particularly from a constitutional perspective. Thank you, Councilmember. So to get started, I'd like to kind of just give a background as to how our judicial system works with regards to municipal offenses. So municipal court, which every time you get a summons from a police officer, you end up going to municipal court. So if you're obstructing the sidewalk or if you spit on the sidewalk, you get a summons, you go to court. Municipal court is a quasi-criminal court because every municipal offense that's in our criminal and non-criminal code here in the city of New Orleans can carry a penalty of jail time. You can have up to six months in jail or up to $500 fine. This is not unique pretty much all throughout America. This is how the municipal court system works. But that backdrop is very important to realize that any time there is enforcement, it could trigger a potential jail sentence. So there is a criminalization potential with any enforcement of the criminal and or municipal code. The reason that's important is because there is the Constitution, which backdrops and protects every citizen's fundamental rights. Recently, the Ninth Circuit, which is the circuit out California, Washington, they recently held that there is an Eighth Amendment violation, a violation of its cruel and usual punishment to criminalize the status of basically being poor. If you have nowhere else to go and the city does not have the ability to place you in a shelter or place you in some sort of assistance that to arrest that person and potentially give them a jail sentence potentially violates the Eighth Amendment. So municipalities need to be very careful when they just pass a law that says you can't camp. Well, if you have nowhere else to go and you have no home and you're ultimately arrested for that, that could trigger the Eighth Amendment. In addition, there's other constitutional implications such as the First Amendment, which protects your rights to freedom of speech. In about 2015, the United States Supreme Court in Reed versus Town of Gilbert kind of re reviewed how we view content based speech, which is holding up a sign saying something that is speech. And basically after Reed, which it's a city out in Arizona and they had different standards based on different messages, religious signage versus commercial signage, etcetera. And although it didn't impact directly homelessness signage, the Supreme Court basically said that you have to survive strict scrutiny if a municipality wants to in any way, shape or form content regulate signage and that this is a very high burden for a municipality to meet. So any signage regulations have to be done very, very carefully and they're viewed with strict scrutiny. So to say that you cannot stand on a public street with a sign, in my opinion, research opinion, would violate the First Amendment. So that is one of the reasons why it's not necessarily a good approach to just outlaw the signage. In addition, there's Fourth Amendment protections too, which protects all people from unreasonable searches and seizures. I think from a public standpoint, there's sometimes confusion with this because if you are homeless and you are on the public street, what right do you have to privacy? It's public, right? Well, the courts disagree with that thought. The courts tend to say that if you are homeless and you have nowhere to go, it tends to be that your tent, your personal belongings, that's your home. And so it's really no different than when the government comes into yours or my house without permission and takes something or destroys something, you have to make sure all the Fourth Amendment guarantees are in place. And that is the exact same thing with even though it's on the public right-of-ways, homeless persons belongings cannot just be picked up and pitched. You have to honor and respect the fact that these are their belongings. All that being said, that is one of the reasons why in researching this, I've determined that most municipalities are now moving away from a punitive structure because of the First Amendment, Fourth Amendment, Eighth Amendment implications, and it does always become very litigious and costly for a city, that it really is more about providing services and trying to figure out how we can place these individuals while respecting the rights of the citizens who are impacted by the encampments. So it's a balancing act. Thank you for the civics lesson. We appreciate it. And yes, Councilmember Marina. Teresa, just for a point of clarification as well, in this particular ordinance we are not necessarily delving into the removal of any type of obstruction items such as couches or anything like that because that had already been addressed in a previous ordinance back in 2014, I believe. Is that correct? So yes and no, because yes, 146 493 prohibits the obstructions and that's just your straight public safety. Absolutely, you cannot block the streets. This initiative definitely picks up on that because you encampments cannot obstruct and they can get to the point that, I'm gonna make an extreme example here, if I decided to put my tent on the I-10 ramp, clearly I'm obstructing the proper use of the street. And so this ordinance kind of lets it be known that the city in those extreme true obstruction circumstances, we can go ahead and remove that without the 24 hour notification and the Fourth Amendment protections that are typically provided because it's either extremely hazardous or an extreme obstruction. So it kind of piggybacks a little bit. So the process started in 2014 and we in this particular ordinance just add that that extreme case scenario. Essentially. Okay, thank you. All right, Teresa, I appreciate the explanation and obviously I think that will particularly help all of us when we go to neighborhood organizations and they ask us these questions from that perspective. So with that, I know the administration is here. Appreciate your coming and have some information and it presents so we welcome you up before we get to the nonprofit partners. Good morning everybody. We're obviously all familiar with you, but would you just mind introducing yourselves for the record so we know who you are and what department you're in. Thanks, David. David Morris, I'm the director of special projects and the deputy chief resilience officer. Jenna Vigno, the director of the health department. Tyree Johnson Brown, director of housing community development. I'm Yana Elliott, mayor's deputy chief of staff. Cynthia Silvain Lear, director of sanitation. Great. And I guess I just want to say from from the outset, thank you to so many disciplinary groups from being here. I mean, I think it really strikes to what we're talking about is this isn't a sanitation problem. It's not a health problem. It's not just it's all of these things and the fact that you're all together and I see commander Gordon here to show sort of the importance of doing this work as well. So with that, we welcome the presentation that you have. Thank you so much and I'll just sort of get us started here and thank you to all for putting all this together and for your support. And as we tackle some of these tough issues, I want to just sort of reiterate how important this is to Mayor Cantrell administration that this is one of our top priorities that we are tackling this head on and we appreciate all of your support and helping us do that. What we're here basically to describe the things that we are already doing and how that is already working. And again, with this ordinance codifying some of our existing initiatives is great. It's a step absolutely in the right direction and beefing up some more enforcement. And as Teresa was mentioning that there is a two sort of two-prong approach to this. Some of it is punitive and beefing up enforcement, but there also has to be productive and a lot of that is education, providing those additional services and understanding that a lot of the problems that we're facing now are not what our system is designed to address. So this is the final mile. I want to commend the previous administration for their amazing accomplishment in drastically reducing the number of homelessness that we have today, but that we still have some hard work ahead of us and that these people around me here are doing this amazing work on the front lines and I'll all hand it over to them. I also did want to give a shout out to Sarah Babcock, who is at a conference today and cannot be with us, but she is also one of our frontline boots on the ground. So with that, I will hand it over to Dr. Evignon. Thank you all for having us here today. We've really benefited from our collaborations to date on this issue. They've been many and I think really fruitful. Councilmember Jrousa, you brought up the article that was in the paper the other day. All the work that we do and have been doing and want to do starts with the shared belief that one homeless death is too many. And so regardless of the actual number, we want to start and end with that. We are really everything we do, we want to be evidence-based, best practice, and really achieving the most good. So whether it's attempting to quantify the number of homeless deaths, we're going to take a very rigorous look, we're going to look at what other cities are doing, and apply it to here we are. Our model that was adopted in the previous administration and some of you were involved in that, really our overarching model is the best practice is San Antonio, which has a wide variety of services sort of all in one place. That is what was begun to be put together in the previous administration and what this administration feels very strongly is the best model. It is a housing first model and the reason you see the Health Department here is because it's a housing for health model because lack of stable and affordable housing is one of the major drivers of ill health. Toward that end, where we are going is really, as you mentioned, a holistic comprehensive plan that addresses both short-term, medium-term, and long-term needs with the goal of a bed for everyone who wants one and the safety of security of all those who live in our area. So just to give a little bit of context, you know, we have had some success as Liana alluded to. There's been an 85% decrease in our homeless count since 2011. We can all understand why those rates might have been high post-Katrina. Every year there is a national point-in-time count done in every city across America that while it's not perfect is a standard that can be compared year over year. So we at least know where the trends are going. We don't yet have this year's but as of 2018 the count was 1,188 homeless individuals in Orleans and Jefferson Parishes. So we're counting both of them. I'm sorry, can I interrupt for a second? No, I think we also probably need to talk about some other news that maybe didn't get highlighted as much publicly that was shared in our meeting which is in New Orleans then if you take 400,000 people and whatever it is 1,200, 1,300, how many homeless people there are for people who are housed versus other major American cities that are confronting the same problem. I mean this is not a New Orleans issue but I think we have a story to tell here based on the management and the work that's been done. I just would love to give you the opportunity to share. Thank you, you're reading my talking point. Oh sorry, sorry. Sorry, I didn't mean to steal your thunder. No, no, no, that's a perfect segue. This 1,188 too, just to clarify, is not those folks you see in encampments. It also includes all of our sheltered homeless and there are several hundred there and those folks that are maybe in nooks and crannies, maybe in an abandoned building here and there, it's a really exhaustive count. So of this, of this number, the number that you see in the encampments is much smaller and I'll get to that in a second. As the council members said, we look, we compare ourselves to other cities. We want to know what other cities are doing and we also want to understand their burden. So if you look at our rate per 100,000 people, we have about 300 homeless individuals per hundred thousand residents. Look at, if you take Seattle as an example, Seattle with all its wealth and Amazon, their rate is five times what ours is. Los Angeles is three times what we are in the magnitude of 40,000 homeless individuals. Our numbers are on par more with the Houston or in Austin than Los Angeles, San Diego, Seattle. So just to put it in complex. Again, we start with the belief that one is too many and one homeless death is too many, but when we look to other cities, we need to understand what's working and what's not working in there. Currently in terms of the numbers, every week, and we'll talk about the sweeps in just a minute, when we engage in those regular encampments that you all see and receive feedback on, we generally get from between 120 to 150 individuals that are physically underneath the overpasses. Again, that's not counting everyone in the little nooks and crannies or an abandoned building here or there. That's been pretty consistent. It can kind of go up and down depending on if there's a festival in town or weather, but that's what we're generally seeing in those establishing campus. Tyra? Turn it over to Tyra just to give a little bit more information. Okay. From that number, as Jen was just saying with the point in time, the point in time count that was done this past January, those numbers have not been released, but once those numbers have been released, we will share those with you. Some challenges that we have seen in encampments have been like the donations of bringing food that pretty much with the homeless, they don't want to leave. They feel like that they're getting a lot of the things that brought to them, so they are pretty much, it's hard for to actually get them to, you know, do you mind if I repeat that because this is a common theme particularly I think the city shared with us is that it's counterintuitive. We think charity is a good thing. We encourage charity, right? We want to make it work. The byproduct of people wanting to help and do the right thing is you're giving food or clothing or tents to people and it has the byproducts of leaving people on the street for longer and actually making it more hazardous. Is that right? Yeah, absolutely and thank you for bringing this up and highlighting this point that a lot of what we're also trying to do is to educate people who, their hearts are in the right place and I want to also just emphasize that we understand all of our hearts are in the right place in this and that when you see somebody who is unsheltered, the instinct is to shelter that person, right? And that a lot of these issues are a little more complex and nuanced, so what we're trying to do here is one, explain some of the challenges that that presents and then find other more productive ways to engage our non-profit partners, our faith-based institutions, our higher educational institutions and how to be part of the solution in coordinating a lot of these existing efforts instead of reinventing wheels and that's kind of what the San Antonio model is really based on is bringing services together and finding solutions and that's where we are examining literally everything that we, every model, every idea that we can find because as I said the system that we have now is really designed for a specific type of homelessness that is only one piece of the puzzle right now so we have, there's mental health issues is the one that we generally talk about chronic homelessness is a small percentage of this. There's a lot of housing insecurity which is directly related to housing affordability and I'm sure we'll sort of get into this, I'm sorry if I'm jumping ahead just a teeny bit, that the HUD requirement to be housed, you have to be documented on the street for 12 months so if you have a job and you're working and you can't afford your rent you have to now stay on the street for 12 months before you can get assistance that doesn't make any sense to us either but these are some of the bottlenecks that we're finding in the system that we have because we don't have a better alternative right this very second but we are working to figure out exactly what that is and how to get this health to our people as soon as possible. Thank you for that. I have a question from councilmember Banks. If bringing food and tents and other supplies to the encampments is not the way for a church or a community group or social service or someone who just wants to help us that's not the best way to do it what should they do? So and I think we'll get into this a little bit later but there are many social service agencies who have safe sanitary areas where they provide food several times a day every day and so if you're a faith-based group and you're you like to feed people we would love to partner you with one of those so that you can still bring all that love and compassion and deliver food but do it in a way that's productive. So how does the ABC Church know that? So that is another thing that we're working on again this is a really big education campaign that needs to happen we're developing a website and a homeless toolkit that we can get people to go and link up we're also planning a big neighborhood engagement summit on this topic and a faith-based summit as well to get the message out to sort of everyone at the same time and we'll keep going to coffees on your corner as we did in district B. Thank you very much. I'm sorry yes we have a lot of questions up here. Councilmember Marina. Just briefly on the on the feedings in preparation for this meeting and as we were putting this ordinance together I know that there are certainly some organizations and I know David Botner with the mission is here where you know specifically they are asking the city if they can start providing for these different locations for the feedings to take place that that this would also allow for the feedings to happen not only in safe environments where they could be cleaned easily but also where an individual is going to a location where they can receive services to and I think that that's the real key. It's one thing if you're just providing somebody a meal but if you are actually saying hey just go a few blocks down over here they're gonna provide you a meal but guess what you're also gonna have someone talk to you and be able to provide you services like that is the connection that we really need but once again we get to how do we how do we spread that message right how does ABC Church find out about that that's happening and and all of us need to be part of coming up with that solution of how do we keep putting this message out there we all have social media accounts maybe that's something we need to start pushing out there too and we'll hear from the nonprofits in a bit but but thank you so much for for understanding how important it is that we that during these feedings we we put them together with needs nonprofits and can provide more services and help. So that sort of leads into talking about the sweeps that we we've been doing since 2014 and just as councilmember Moreno said the reason that it's just not sanitation going out and picking up trash is because we knew we had to have a coordinated effort because the real goal of those sweeps is yes controlling the trash and cleaning but the ultimate goal of every time on a regular basis linking people to services checking in where they are making sure we know who's there and who's not there so that that really was the goal in 2014 health was charged with coordinating and efforts to clean and engage all major encampments every week and we've done that fairly consistently since then so the the places that you see you know Caliope or canal and Claiborne we are regularly there there are other other places that kind of come and go sometimes a few people will pop up at Jackson and Chappatoulas for example and if folks let us know and your staffers are really great about doing that we can add that to the list we can go check out what's going on there and then sort of figure out what who those folks are and how best to get them into services as was alluded to in December this council passed new regulations to allow us to erect permanent signage whereas before we had to give 72-hour notice and so everybody kind of knew where we were coming when we were coming and planned accordingly now we're able to go any morning Monday through Friday and so it's a little bit more of surprise what how that helps us is because large items like tents and mattresses that we know can be really dangerous and for a number of reasons that's what we want to get out of the encampments if you've got notice then it's pretty easy to pick up your tent and walk down the street and just wait until we're finished cleaning what we find is that having that sort of element of surprise if you want to put it that way allows us to get some of those big items out more regularly it takes about 15 to 20 city employees every single time we go out to do this so these are folks that all have regular duties it's a whole sanitation truck it's several nopd officers depending on on what their capacity is it's multiple folks from health and OCD we always invite our community partners we find that we are able to engage as well as remove dangerous items best when we have the most number of community partners and a large contingent of nopd as you can imagine this is this is potentially dangerous interactions or often we might come across something that's going on that we really need that police presence to help so just think about sort of the resources that are being expended every week and I'm sorry I'm going to interrupting you but um I think the other thing when we talk about nopd is there are a lot of supplementation of nopd by security districts right and that one of the things we ought to do to help the administration is to reach out to those security districts that employ nopd and use that as a compliment right and and I think you said it only takes 30 minutes well I'm I've already called Lakeview Crime Prevention District and said look guys we have an issue take 30 minutes off from patrolling at a time at one o'clock in the afternoon let's go help out the administration right we've had great success with DDD in particular offering when we're short on nopd officers they're kind of our go-to and they've been great at stepping up but certainly you know the Tulane Police Department if we're cleaning near there like you said the Lakeview District really the more we have there and the more we don't have to expend city resources would really be a benefit and Dr. Vigna what is do you if do you have a cost per sweep on what it costs for the health department nopd etc overall cost per sweep average I don't but if you you know if you say 20 employees and some in many cases the police is overtime it's about four hours so it's four hours of an entire sanitation truck four hours of two or three health department four hours of one or two you guys and then four hours of however enemy nopd it adds up pretty quickly my guess would be in the thousands per sweep I'd be interested to get it could certainly get you that thank you yeah the reason that we sweep and this is the public health approach is both preventative and treatment treat treating if you read the headlines on other cities you've heard that Los Angeles had a typhus outbreak typhus is a disease that we just don't see anymore or you've probably heard that there are hepatitis a outbreaks occurring all over the country primarily in encampments and primarily with IV drug users so one of the reasons why we clean and clean heavily and Cynthia's team does a great job of this is to prevent we have not had an outbreak we also have proactively started vaccinating for happy in our encampments and in every homeless service provider since the summer and it vaccinated almost 600 people and we don't have any cases of hepatitis a so we're continuing to sort of monitor those threats the other preventative part is again just to be aware of what might be happening and this is where nopd partners come in to know are there drugs happening in that tent what kind of crimes might be committed in there and so to to get on top of that before it gets worse and the treatment part is really there's been several times we've identified a medical emergency now that's good what that happens is that we have to stop the sweep and really devote all our resources to figuring that out or if it's a family with a young child that is new to an encampment we can intervene and get them services right away so there is some linkage not only to housing and other services but that direct medical care that needs to happen and that happens as frequently as we can already on the street can I just ask a question to I mean personal belongings on here again yeah it's a guy where I'm headed okay so we do offer storing belongings when we're out doing the sweeps within the last five years we've only had four people that actually took us up on that offer and we will hold their belongings up to 60 days even after reaching out to them asking them you know do you want to come get your belongings and all they never came to retrieve their belongings so that's something that we do offer to store their their belongings providing that there are no rodents we do not store food that but their clothing or any personal belongings such as paperwork that they may need we will store for them and as part of the sweep if there are mattresses or tents trash I guess obviously unfortunately there's needles or other things those are the type of items that that get picked up is that right yes the Department of sanitation when we are working with nopd housing and OCD as was mentioned we do remove tents mattresses couches food items those types of things now just to note on a daily basis the Department of sanitation sends out workers to remove loose trash along Calio along clay born and we certainly do a number of other areas in the city but we do not remove items as was mentioned there are some safety issues in regards to that and of course it's the issue of having our partners having health having OCD where they can engage with people and understand what their needs are that's why we don't do that on a daily basis we only do that when we're with the partners so if you look at the pictures in the slide it highlights what was talked about before is just the challenges and I think it's often why the public might not understand what we're doing right because they say well I just I just drove by there and there's still all this stuff and I drive these areas regularly so really want to understand what the issues are and it's not unusual to see boxes and boxes of clothes right so so these individuals are not going to Walmart and buying clothes someone is dropping off boxes of clothes of questionable quality and and and sanitary condition or this might have been the circus dropped off I can't tell you how many bags of popcorn or I saw boxes of bananas so again that's a risk to these individuals because this food is very questionable quality and then it also serves the purpose of attracting rodents and other insects fortunately we have a great partner in our rodent control with Claudia regal who is very proactive about keeping those populations down but in many ways we're sort of chasing our tail because this is continuing to happen okay currently in the city of New Orleans for emergency shelters there are five emergency shelters you have the Salvation Army Ozanam in New Orleans mission covenant house which is for you you and you have New Orleans women and children's shelter along with the low barrier shelter on average a total beds according to the homeless management information system and that's the reporting that where all of the providers actually put in their information there are like 600 beds available but those beds oftentimes are full with the low barrier shelter it's a hundred beds and from that it's usually for every night on average the sense opening in August it has served 270 individuals and of that 270 individuals 82 of them have actually been housed are the others beds first come first serve are they family are they you've been on the street for 12 months so you get it before somebody who's only been identified for two weeks can you just give us a snapshot of that please they are first come first serve when a bed becomes available if a person just calling at that time then there will be the first one to to actually get that bad and so to dovetail on that the shelter estimates that every week they filled between 150 and 250 calls referrals or walk-ins wanting to enter the shelter so we we knew that a hundred beds was not going to be enough we are one of the things we're doing now is identifying capital to build out another hundred beds 200 is going to get us a lot closer to a bed for everyone that wants one we think we've got some good identified sources of that we would need operating funds but I think if we can build it we can figure out how to operate it and it would be the same model as a low barrier so it'd be low barrier number two yes something like that and so but let me just ask again or get some clarification on this you said you've been able to house 82 83 so 83 out of how many out of 270 have actually that's that's pretty good okay great thank you other sort of quasi shelters include the sobering center which we have secured all the funding for and are finalizing sort of our version of the contract and Odyssey House is ready and raring to go this isn't going to be a shelter per se but it is going to provide sort of a temporary respite for those inebriated individuals who would otherwise be sleeping on a sidewalk or on someone's business or someone's front porch so it will provide a little bit of maybe a release valve particularly in our busy downtown French quarter areas we also during emergencies have expanded capacity we do not want to add to the already burdensome life of a homeless individual by having them figure out where to go on a freeze night or where to go during a storm so all of our shelter partners most of whom are represented here today during a freeze activation or a storm will provide temporary shelter and health and coordination with the homeless assistance program will drive around and offer that to individuals pick them up take them there we also provide extra manpower as does NOF D and OCD to make sure those shelters are staffed appropriately so we you know we we do whatever we can to get folks that that's not a long-term solution because that's just sort of a cot in the middle of me you know the cafeteria space at Oz and I'm in for example and it's not some place where folks you know they couldn't just expand and and use that okay and for housing there's various different type of housing transitional housing for the homeless there's rapid rehousing where rapid rehousing the you have to be living on the street or in a shelter that rapid rehousing only provides down payment for as the I'm sorry a deposit for rental and it could go up to 24 months of assistance but because of the limited of funds most agencies only are able to do like three to six months of providing that and then the person actually have to be able to sustain the housing on their own and then you have the permanent supportive housing which is through the continuum of care which is the lead unity that actually provides permanent supportive housing for the homeless we do get some permanent supportive housing for special population of homeless and I know unity problem is going to talk a little bit more of about that permanent supportive housing but for to qualify for a permanent supportive housing the person actually have to be homeless have to be chronic and to be chronic it by definition of HUD that is the 12 months of documentation and you have to have a disqualifying a disability and just to highlight an example of that recently in one of the encampments we encountered three new people and so in engaging them and asking them sort of how they got here they had been employed at a GM plant in Wisconsin I believe that plant shut down for whatever reason maybe they had a connection here or they they just thought this was the right place to go they came down here looking for work and couldn't find any so they've been homeless for a few weeks it'll be 11 months or so before they qualify for any of the services that Tyra is talking about and so that's a huge challenge for us and just to reiterate to let you know majority of the money that the funding that comes for homeless is through HUD and because of these restrictions that's what prevents a car actually has a barrier on this next piece I just wanted to sort of speak to what councilman Moreno spoke to in the beginning about this is about is all connected this is multiple points on the spoke of the reasons and the situations in which we'll also talk about a little more about how people end up in the situation and what we can do upstream so that we are not fighting this at the sweep tent encampment level but at complete prevention so and some of these examples we have here and I'm sure some of the other nonprofit partners will speak to some of those efforts as well but a lot of times people are literally get stuck here they came for work the job fell through they couldn't find housing and now they can't get home so just helping someone get home right something as simple as that something like eviction prevention or you know rental registry literally everything's on the table to find out what we can be doing upstream to help avoid getting into this whatsoever and and the dangers that we know about being homeless that we've seen in the news recently all of that is completely avoidable with some of these interventions and that's what we're really looking at with some of these so if you want to talk about lead to which is amazing success and before you all get on councilmember banks as a question tarl amigo back and ask you a clarifying question those HUD restrictions that require those timelines if those timelines weren't there would we be able to help more people do we have space or resources that if that restriction wasn't there that we could get more people off the street quicker you'll probably be able to get them in housing we would be able to get them in housing if those restrictions weren't there housing is available and housing is available okay thank you and and councilmember Moreno were and I were talking I guess the question really is like where does this live within City Hall I mean there's things where you know this is a Department of Public Works this is sanitation this is code enforcement I mean it's got to be a challenge for the administration to say well some of this lives in sanitation some of it lives in housing some of it lives in health I mean is there a way we we the administration can help facilitate that I think Liana you're you're kind of getting to that and some of your earlier comments yeah I am so one this is why this is such a critical issue for the mayor and for the administration because it is holistic and it is emblematic of many of the problems that we're facing at large with mental health services being cut with housing prices skyrocketing that this is the downstream effect of a lot of those things which is why we're looking at this holistically and across the silos and we're not sort of well that's a sanitation issue it's not it's an everything issue it's a it's a human issue right so one of the things that we are looking at is figuring out one we are at the tail end of our 10-year plan so we are going to have to be redoing that but figuring out the best way to coordinate all of these services and all the efforts both within City Hall and within all of the various sectors and agencies that we've been talking about so if that in past administrations they were sort of like a homeless point a main coordination person or team we're looking into seeing if that if we need resources to identify that person so that there's a sustainable you know oversight and coordinating body within the city that can help bring everyone to the table so that's also something that we are exploring several different options you know we we're trying to not do this sort of as like an internship right this needs to be something that is commitment from the administration to ensure that we are serving people in the best way possible that's great council member well I would just say that you've got you know Philadelphia Baltimore Houston they all have their their offices for homelessness to deal with homelessness and they're kind of under the mayor's umbrella so I know we've created the office for women and children utilities office maybe it would be important to create this type of office as well so that it could be that one-stop shop that coordinated care more than happy to have those discussions with you all absolutely that's what we're here for all right we're ready to stop interrupting you now go ahead we're gonna talk about diversion and prevention one thing is under diversion with transportation the bus tickets for whatever reason some homeless are homeless because they've come to the city maybe to party or whatever and now they're stuck here but we do have agencies such as travelers aid and Catholic Charities that have programs that provide bus passes our partial funding for a person to go back to home or to go somewhere where they actually wanted to be we don't want to just send people all over the country and send them from New Orleans somewhere else but what we want to do is to make sure that they go and where they are where they want to be and that there are programs to actually provide that funding for them to get back where they want to go some of the other sort of upstream efforts you know in partnership you've probably heard that Catholic Charities got five million dollars from Jeff Bezos to address homelessness that money is very strictly allocated for families and children which is fantastic but an interesting thing that it does is it identifies folks who are not yet homeless but about to be evicted and so it intervenes at that point so that they will not be on the streets there's not that falling off a cliff and then they've got to restart the clock they have been great partners honestly they do some of the best best work for not being a direct homeless service provider and so what that's going to do to help us is that's going to free up the spots that we do have because there are there are taking families and children and getting them before they get evicted so that will allow us to use our spots on those who don't quite meet that another I wanted to just sort of point out that these are the kind of big ideas that we're talking about that we want to challenge what that definition is if that's a bottleneck and that's preventing people from getting services let's take it on let's every city in America is facing this and we all have ideas we've all you know people have tried things learn lessons the hard ways what can we learn from our sister cities so these are the these are exactly the kinds of models that we're seeing success that's great let's expand let's find other digital funding so we can make it available to not just you know families with children but but more people that need that upstream prevention councilmember Palmer thank you and thank you all so much for this work this is incredibly important and I for one of definitely seen results driving down Claiborne and seeing I'm seeing your work I'm glad you brought up the families and how they're almost like different subsets right of homelessness and one of them is the travelers as well right so if you look like in the French court and the surrounding areas in st. Rock and Tremaine that that's a whole different subset so how are we talking about that within this context and then what are you talking about that can help a population that you know doesn't necessarily want help and when they're brought to help they refuse help and it's a whole different subset of homelessness so I want to thank you for that perfect segue because that is in fact our next slide so can I can I talk can I shout out to lead first before I answer your question yes because we love lead and I know we've got the 8th district commanders in the house and commander Gernan's been incredible with this whole lead program and I just want to publicly thank him for that lead is a partnership between lead is a partnership between nopd 8th district and the health department in which nopd identifies those folks that they routinely see for public intoxication or panhandling or sort of their their frequent flyers and they're now given the option you know and there's set criteria this is a model out of Seattle actually to immediately at the time pre arrest to refer them to our team of really experienced caseworkers and social workers our lead lead person traverse curry worked for unity for some time and in the pilot soft opening of this program in the fall of the 23 participants they housed 11 that's over 50 percent and that's within three months so not talking 12 months now Travis is a is a homeless genius I guess but you know he tells me that we're as we've all we've ramped up and he's about to get another 10 referrals and they're ready to rock and roll our goal is to get up to 100 to 200 people per year so if we can continue that success so again pre arrest pre maybe they're homeless maybe they're pre homeless but if we're getting them into housing quicker than anything else you're gonna see a big difference in your district and and it was really amazing that actually walked part of the district with commander Gurnin and and the relationship that it also creates on the street is I think also really important right because it creates an element of trust that then also is this is the place where you need to be in order to find permanent housing right and to go get those resources so I'm a huge fan great and so now to get to your point of the the different types it's really important and I think the public might not always you know really be deep into this there are very different types of homelessness the reason we saw such a huge drop in the last seven years is because a lot of the folks that that were counted as homeless were folks for whom it really was a transient situation it was Katrina it was a rent issue it was this and it was pretty easy to get they had some resources they could get back on their feet what we're seeing now is is that what we are left with are our chronic entrenched homeless individuals who for years have had either substance abuse issues mental health issues I know our NAMI partners will talk about this situational issues that just are very complicated to resolve that's a significant portion of what we see in the encampments separated apart from that are our travelers these are generally folks not from New Orleans who do have resources largely elsewhere around the country and this is a lifestyle choice for them so they're not truly homeless the issues that they cause are generally public safety issues in more prominent locations which is why the approach to travelers is really more of an enforcement approach the the sort of folks under the encampment are not necessarily causing the same kind of disruption in the French Quarter or downtown or wherever and also in our neighborhoods right if you remember there's a fire many years ago in the st. Rock neighborhood because then they also go into housing that's vacant and blighted and then also disrupt neighborhoods and in a totally different way that you see what happens in other parts of the city can I also just weigh in on that that sort of what we are what a lot of this is is about educating people on the different types of situations that we're facing to explain why we need this variety of tools in our disposal so there are different services and different ways to approach each of these groups based on that finding that right balance of punitive and productive right so well we are talking a lot about beds and shelters and housing that if you're talking about a population that fundamentally would not want to be sheltered if given the opportunity it's a very different approach and so how do you how do you approach them so that is a I'm gonna yeah so generally and and we've you know talked to your office and several will get emails saying hey there's this camp of people living in their RV in the marinie and so we'll go check it out to see if it's a health threat or a true encampment if they're not unsheltered if they're living and then we'll notify an OPD and say hey look this is there's no health issues this is not a population that wants to engage in services however it may be that they are violating you know you can't park your RV for seven days on you know a marinie Street and so it's a little bit more cut and dry in a lot of that or there's a bunch of kids in in the Jackson Square who are cutting up causing a disturbance that's a lot easier to sort of become an enforcement issue and those also tend to be in areas where you do have you know the right-of-way is being obstructed or they're blocking an entrance to a business which is also a fire hazard so there's some more cut and dry just our aggressive solicitation exactly exactly which is not what we are using to deal with encampments for example so as we mentioned before sorry council member in a sorry so but when we get to that you know roughly 1200 number of homeless that we've been able to decrease to that number but I think what you are saying is that right now we are left with the most difficult cases with the folks that it's going to take the most extensive amount of outreach to get them off the streets yeah this is sort of what we were saying about the final mile and this is you know really where we are at a point where what we were communicating to the public is that this is the part where we are thinking creative and innovative and figuring out every you know constitutional innovative way that we can honor people's dignity and also figure out how to get upstream and and deal with the everyday issues that that we're facing but I think this is also for us to really take a look at that data and to really figure out what are the ramped up resources right that we need so that these really difficult cases that we can finally move them off from where they've been for so long exactly and that's where a lot of the models that we're looking at and researching from other cities can really be helpful in establishing those metrics because just like we have a point in time which is a very specific standardized way of doing this count that you know for whatever it's it's pros and cons may be it is standard and we know what it is across every year every city that we can develop those similar types of tools or if somebody already has a best practice that we need to just be implementing so we have those better metrics to be able to give to you this is the most way to effective way to do a sweep is the most effective number of law enforcement that we need and the different partners and services etc I mean from what I've every from what I've read and areas that have been successful is where there's been that that constant interaction with mental health and substance abuse constant constant constant it can't just be every once in a while whatever it can't just be here's a flyer or can't just be one person hey go and get help or go over here it has to be constant it has to be to the point where it's irritating nobody has to be constant I will say to you that Sarah has it does have direct and constant interaction with almost everyone and and can tell stories knows everyone first name knows their backstory and we definitely have have that interaction it's been figuring out the services and what services how what's the fastest what's the most effective what do people really need and that's why I'm excited that some of the nonprofits along with some of the providers who can help us on that mental health care piece to and substance abuse piece can give their input today on what they suggest as well thank you the more entry points we have to the mental health and substance abuse system and the easy it is for folks to get in and that's why the sobering center again it's not a shelter but that's going to be a huge entry point that we currently don't have and the capacity to accept those patients and that goes along with the San Antonio model too because it had that silvery center along with the low barrier center was all intertwined and it had proven to be effective again just to reiterate what we want to do in terms of public education and how to engage our community members whether they're faith based or neighborhood or just the random person that emails y'all and says I really want to help what can I do the webpage and the toolkit is in development we really see the faith-based community as our partners on this and that's not just you know can they show up at the Rebuild Center and and cook every Wednesday many many faith-based institutions have property that they don't know really what to do with and there are some that have partnered with nonprofit developers to turn you know there are those extra shotguns that are on their property into affordable housing and to help house folks so if every church did that took one or two or three and partnered you know that's a win for the church and that's a win for us so it might take really innovative forms and not what the traditional like I go you know I give you a fish right we're teaching to fish we go ahead yeah so part of this is launching an educational campaign like we said for the institutions and the organizations but also for you individuals and that's you know driving your car stop to stop like your heart goes out and you want to help how can we give you easier ways to help that are more productive that feed into this coordinated focused effort that we are spearheading and that's some of the the toolkit that we are rolling out we'll have a we'll have a go live date for you soon on that too and towards that end as well you know United Way had a make change NOLA campaign that really did not have the funding to be widely sort of rolled out in which you could text if you're at the stoplight and someone's asking for a dollar you could text to give and they distributed among four partners several of which are here today so you knew your money was going somewhere good the city now is going to embrace that campaign and really partner with United Way to blast it out on all of our platforms and to make it as easy as possible to give three dollars sitting right there and then everybody wins that that's great and as we wrap up and get ready to move on to the nonprofit partners who have about 30 minutes let me just ask this a lot of things we ask about and the ordinance is again management data that already all these great groups are doing how do we also educate on that data is it is it you know we get we were asking for a monthly report do we have a dashboard on the city website you know how do we how do we manage this from an information perspective so that way two things we're educating the public and the public has it and we're showing the good work that that everybody's doing that that's a great question that's basically that's what we're here to work with you on to develop because I think we've seen that the way that we've been measuring reporting these things have been have been adequate but we can do better and that's what we're figuring out is exactly that specifically a dashboard has been something that we have wanted so that it's public facing and appropriate of course but that is is getting worked into the web page and dr. Avegno I was really pleased to hear that you you find it important to track the deaths that are happening on our streets and I was surprised to see that in the previous administration that that had kind of been ignored but I'm happy to see that this administration is picking up on that yeah it's you know it's important to respect the dignity of those who perished in the most vulnerable of situations and so we want to be respectful but also be mindful and and be able to educate people that this is this is a life or death situation well thank you all so much we really appreciate your time and your preparation and being here and we'll move on to the nonprofit groups and I know you have so much good good information and experiences and wealth of experience subject matter to share with us I'm just looking at the clock and trying to keep us on to do maybe do 30 minutes so with that I would ask I know we have we have presentations from from a couple of the groups so please come forward bridge house grace house mission unity as an am in you know anybody who is an advocate stakeholder I moved a few extra chairs and we can all be friends up here at the desk and then you know I think while while we're transitioning to that it's important to talk about some of the information that already is being collected right so what we're asking for is is when items are removed the date and time of the removals the departments that are working on it the time spent on the general location if any arrest current tracking deaths as councilmember marino just said results of outreach in a personal property log so you know that's that's the that's the level of inquiry we're looking for and obviously we want to make sure that we get that turned around to the public as well so good morning everybody it's great to see everybody may I just ask like we did last time I guess starting from my right to left if if everybody wouldn't mind introducing themselves and who they're here with I'm Clarence Adams I'm the executive director of ozone I'm in good morning good morning I'm Jacqueline Smith I'm the executive director of clinical services for Bridge House Grace House Martha Kegel the director of unity of Greater New Orleans good morning Angela Patterson deputy director of unity of Greater New Orleans thank you for inviting us Valerie Coffin director of continuum of care programs for unity I'm Nathan Bostic I'm the transitional housing director for NAMI New Orleans great David Botner New Orleans mission great thank you all so much for being here so I know unity has a PowerPoint and NAMI has one we make sure we get through those and obviously share your experiences with us please so we've talked a lot about services and providing them and shelter and mental health and we want to make sure this time is yours to be able to have that discussion with us so I guess unity's PowerPoint is up first if you would like to go please okay I would love to thank you and again thank you I'm Angela Patterson as I said and as deputy director of unity I have the privilege of supervising the outreach team which does a lot of this frontline work that you have been discussing so eloquently this morning the outreach team's basic basic foundation is developing those types of ongoing relationships through engagement efforts and I invite all of you council persons if you need special assistance with any type of homeless situation to contact me and we have gone out on those situations and they've broken our hearts in many ways and we report back immediately to the council when we have made engagement efforts with persons on the street and continue to have communications about the navigational aspects of helping to move these citizens into housing unity of greater New Orleans is a collaborative of 60 different agencies and our mission is to coordinate the community initiatives to prevent reduce and end homelessness unity's mission has changed somewhat through the years and I've had the privilege and the honor of working with many many homeless citizens in order to assist them with moving into housing we have worked for 26 years with the 60 different member agencies to house some of the most vulnerable people in the city of New Orleans who are experiencing homelessness as we've heard the stories you know a lot of the stories homeless persons need assistance a lot of times with navigating systems to get into housing we have done a superlative job of ending homelessness for veterans in New Orleans and have been recognized nationally for this effort in addition to ending family homelessness unity works with HUD in order to competitively receive assistance to fund the housing agencies in order to assist people with getting into housing we distribute grants to our member agencies we oversee their work to end homelessness and we manage through HUD through the mandated coordinated entry system to prioritize our homeless clients in order to give those who are most vulnerable and who have the longest homeless histories housing which is prioritized in terms of longevity of homelessness and disabling conditions since 2007 the unity collaborative has reduced homelessness by 90 percent it's a terrific system and we have been driving down homelessness each year through the provision of affordable housing and effective services and we use the housing first technique in order to do this okay Martha Kagle the director of unity just want to pick up where Angela left off so she mentioned the work that's been done and getting to what we call functional zero on veteran homelessness we have really prided ourselves since January 2015 we've maintained a standard which no other city has maintained of housing every newly homeless veteran within an average of 30 days or less and since 2017 we've driven down the length of time that families with children spend homeless to less than 45 day average which again is just a dramatic improvement chronic homelessness has been really reduced in our last point in time count in January 2018 we had less than 200 people in that count that met the definition of chronic homelessness which means that they have a serious disability and they've been literally homeless on the street or shelter for over a year however the rate of people becoming newly chronically homeless is a challenge can interrupt for one second sorry we do to everybody councilmember banks Martha are your HUD guidelines different from the city's HUD guidelines that you can deal with people in 30 days and it takes us 12 months we all have the same HUD guidelines dealing with the rules for permanent supportive housing rapid rehousing etc so HUD's permanent supportive housing for the homeless is restricted to people who meet the definition of chronically homeless so it's only and it's and there's a good reason for that actually in their in HUD's defense it's based on research that shows that chronically homeless people are the most likely to die if they're left out on the street so there are people who have serious disabilities and have actually been homeless for over a year and in the most dire circumstances they're either on the street or in shelter and so that is the rule for eligibility for permanent supportive housing reducing family homelessness to an average of 45 days or less that is primarily not done through the provision of permanent supportive housing that's done primarily through something called rapid rehousing and I skipped the slide actually that explained that that is the other intervention so the difference between permanent supportive housing and rapid rehousing is just the length of time that we provide the intervention they both are rent assistance coupled with case management services provided to the person in the home helping them do whatever they need to do to stay stably house taking them to doctor appointments helping them get jobs if they can get jobs but the difference is that one is permanent it could go on for your whole life in many cases if you have paranoid schizophrenia you may need that kind of intervention the rent assistance and the case management services for your whole life to prevent you from falling back into homelessness for a family typically it's just a matter of months that you would need that intervention unless the head of household has a serious disability the problem is mostly about you know getting a job that can support the family and getting some rent assistance for a while to stay stable and then what we find is that typically the family can then support themselves after that but there is a general challenge in New Orleans with the lack of affordable housing if I can say three things about our progress I would like to say these three things first of all the progress is not always visible to the naked eye when people see the number of people begging they often think that that is homelessness but as our partners pointed out at the city the majority of people who are begging are poor but they're not homeless and so when you look when you are out on the street late at night as our outreach team is when you are keeping track of everybody in the shelter as unity and our partners are when you are going into abandoned buildings looking for people as we have done for many years that's when you see who is actually literally homeless so that's the first thing the second thing is that as much progress has been made in the city with all of our partners in reducing homelessness by ninety percent the fact remains that having twelve hundred people who are literally homeless on one night is far too many people so we have a lot more work left to do and the third major point that I want to make is that we are really at a crossroads right this moment on this issue across the country after years of declines in homelessness for the past two years homelessness has been increasing and so far New Orleans has been able to resist that trend and continue to drive our numbers down every year but as we have said the point in time count which unity is in charge of collecting and and crunching we are now crunching the data from the January 2019 count and there is a very good possibility that this year for the first time in 14 years we're going to see or in 13 years we'll see an increase there's a very good possibility we're still deduplicating the data so I'm not sure whether we're going to escape that this year but we are really at a crossroads where there are forces driving up homelessness around the country and those same forces are at work here in New Orleans and as hard as everyone is working on trying to house as many people as possible the resources have become tighter with what's going on in Washington and we are far too dependent in our community on only HUD resources and that is so important to point out and that is so important to point out that crossroads that were in and trends that you're seeing because I can tell you that I didn't know that information but that's why this discussion is so important councilmember Palmer did you have a question yeah Martha the trends that we're seeing across the country aren't they specifically also linked to like either the opioid crisis or we are they also seeing linkages to the economy and how how are those trends looking because I think a lot of those trends we can also track then in New Orleans the national experts believe and and studies bear this out that the major driver of homelessness is a lack of affordable housing so while the opioid crisis is definitely not helping while the possibility that we may be headed into another recession is definitely something to be very concerned about the major driver is actually the forces that are causing rental housing rents to go out of reach of low-income people that is the major thing that is driving homelessness upward around the country and it's the major cause for concern here as quickly as our teams are housing people we are seeing more people coming on the street it's primarily new homelessness that we're most concerned about we've driven chronic homelessness down in the last and I would think new homelessness would almost be easier to deal with quite frankly if we have the housing and I think this conversation is very important right now when we talk about looking at legislation for inclusionary zoning right how do we get more housing units online and so I'm really glad that you highlighted that yeah and I want to turn it over to Valerie really quickly before you go there just quickly yeah if is it possible to have a more liberal interpretation of those different categories to cut down on the time frame that some people are waiting to get served now you said you got I heard you said different classifications have different restrictions but is it possible to look at it in a different way can we put somebody instead of having them in group a that's going to require 12 months waiting period is it possible that they could possibly be put into group C that's got the 45-day waiting period I don't I don't it doesn't matter to me as long as we can get people help right so whatever you call them right doesn't make a difference if we can serve them and get them off the street quicker so right is there a way to do that rapid rehousing has no length of time requirement on it but you do have to show that this person is literally homeless that they're on the street or shelter in order to qualify for it according to HUD now if the city can come up with some money for rent assistance you can put whatever rules on that that you want to put on it but but that is going to be key is having rent assistance where the city is also contributing other cities are doing that now and I think we have to look at asking government at all levels to do more to provide housing and housing targeted to the homeless rent assistance is really what's needed to solve this crisis and and it can be very small amounts in some cases for people who are newly homeless they may not need that much as opposed to someone who's been out there for a while they might need more and I won't hold you did this but the pot of money to do that we're talking a million dollars a hundred million give me an idea what other cities are doing every for example we just got a competitive grant it's about five hundred thousand dollars it will be able to house approximately 80 people off the street if the city matched that how long would be a hundred and sixty people talking permanently off the street permanently off the street but it's going to be short-term rent assistance what we find is that we can stably house people by providing time-limited rent assistance because there's case management services that work on getting them a sustainable income to support that rent if the city matched that we could do you know we could do 160 people that would be significant and so it's not that you have to solve the whole problem but let's talk about reducing homelessness if the city can match some of what HUD is doing we'll be able to go a lot and how much was that that was about five hundred thousand dollars okay Valerie can give me the exact amount probably okay thank you and so I'm just going to kind of skip to the housing inventory because that kind of relates to some of the questions that you can see on the permanent supportive housing that's where most of the units are and those are the long-term vouchers for which there's a very little turnover those programs maintain utilization rates of at least 95 percent and some of them will even be over a hundred percent utilized because if they see any grant savings they house more people so we only have 20 to 30 slots open every month and those are the slots for the people who as Martha was saying are the most vulnerable so when we talk about wanting to reduce the number of homeless deaths these are the people most likely to die if they were left on the street but on the other hand there's the rapid rehousing that there's very little funding for and those are actually the rapid rehousing is what was also key in the veterans initiative and in the families initiative because that's a very big part of helping the people who don't have the highest needs but have the moderate needs and only need the shorter term support and as Martha was saying like this rapid rehousing program was starting it'll be able to it won't serve 80 people at one time and the money is used up forever there'll be 40 will be continually more openings so it'll be more people every year that can be served on the other hand emergency shelters have had less utilization so I know they mentioned at the low barrier shelter it's been 100% utilization since it opened and that's what happens at the low barrier shelters whereas the shelters that do have barriers have openings thank you I guess one thing is I just wanted to mention real quickly is we're getting ready to discuss housing tomorrow and and it there is we say this a lot but there is no silver bullet right I mean and I think the fact that you're saying the city provides five hundred thousand more dollars we're housing essentially a hundred percent more people who may just need that extra help is part of the affordable housing discussion and I think we shouldn't lose sight of there's these great policy initiatives and things that other cities are doing and looking at other ways but but but sometimes understanding that just a little bit can go a long way as part of as well I also want to recognize on council president Williams for being here I think the fact that all seven council members are here should signify to the administration the nonprofits in the public the significance and the importance of this issue for the council council member marina and miss Kegel I'd be really interested on that five hundred thousand dollar figure if you could break down those numbers for us we've got the budget chair sitting here councilmember brass said and I would just like to see how that would be broke it down and how many individuals you think that that could really impact that would be helpful to us yes we can get you some more information later and that and I guess as we're wrapping up this you know start of also getting into the mental health piece because obviously I think addiction and mental health is is critical port but please finish this is one of my one more point on like kind of the key strategies and kind of summarize on like as you're pointing out it's part of a bigger system and I'm happy that we're having this conversation and I think our next challenge is moving beyond just managing it into actually solving it and that's what takes some of these harder things so it's kind of like moving people beyond donating food to actually helping to solve the crisis which could be moving kits or actually like doing more for affordable housing but we also do need a bigger supply of permanent supporting housing vouchers for those who are the most vulnerable we do need more rapid rehousing for those who are able to work it's just the housing is out of reach right now as well as you know supporting the process improvements that are in process for the low barrier shelter so it can have a greater impact on reducing the unsheltered homelessness as well as like continuing work with the other shelters to have more low barrier shelters in the city by reducing the barriers at some of the existing places thank you so much for that presentation we appreciate it and I guess now it's a great segue into you know sort of the other piece of all this we're talking about affordable housing and low barrier shelters but also mental health issues addiction and so I appreciate NAMI and Bridge House, Grace House being here, Emission and Ozzanine as well. David do you have some comments you wanted to make? I do obviously the new yeah thank you for having me I really appreciate it it was great to hear so much amazing work obviously being done in our community from the New Orleans mission we obviously take a different approach we are really working to fix the whole person rescuing them from addiction rescuing them from sex trafficking the real heart issues that people struggle with each and every day that are on our street walking them through recovery and helping them re-engage to the life that we believe God created them and we don't believe that people were created to live in an apartment and die within addiction we believe that they have value and worth and we want to tap into that value and worth and put them on the path again that they were destined to live which God created them to live to live a quality life and not rely on the government for everything so we love the young lady's statement that the answer is our church she had said we how can we do a better job we can neck with our church partners and ask them to really get in the game and be more accountable so I did want to share only because we had talked I have to share our numbers I don't go and check out what the other shelters are doing because God has given me leadership over the New Orleans mission and for those of you that don't know in the course of the past seven years as the leader of the New Orleans mission we have accumulated property in Hammond where we house women and we also have a men's facility in the comb Louisiana because what we found as we took the men and women out of the city our graduation rates skyrocketed and when they graduated ninety percent of those graduates never went back to the streets ever again our program is fully funded by donations foundations and corporations we get no money from you all so we have no skin in this game we're just here to tell you what our numbers are and what we see working for us as a as a community partner so in 2012 was the day that I walked into the New Orleans mission that year we serve two thousand three hundred forty six individuals these stats are available to you all through HMIS obviously we use the same software that these of our partners here in 2018 we were under an eight million dollar renovation so you can imagine we lost a few beds in 2018 we still served two thousand two hundred and seventy three homeless people so our numbers are only our numbers again I can't speak to anyone else but I can only speak these are unique men and women that walked into our door with a unique Social Security number in a name we put all of them in that system so to give you another stat in 2012 again when I took over the New Orleans mission two hundred and ninety men walked through the doors in the month of February women 32 women walked through the doors a total of 323 this is what's alarming to us 2017 before we began a major renovation into the main part of our facility four hundred and ninety six men were served in the month of February sixty women almost doubling the capacity for women five hundred fifty six total people just in the month of February now 2019 with a brand new facility people obviously wanting to engage it again excuse me tonight 2019 497 men walked through our doors that were homeless different people fighting with addiction and I think that's the problem is we've talked about homelessness but we're really not talking about the root which is why we're seeing an increase is because we see an increase in addiction and that is why I'll get to the next question or that we have to ask ourselves is why are so many young people being homeless so this is alarming ladies 107 women came into the doors of the New Orleans mission that were homeless last month a hundred and seven unique women walked through the doors of the New Orleans mission in February giving us a total of 604 total homeless people were seeking shelter at the mission whether that's for one night or one year because our goal is that the young lady said is teaching them how to fish we want to see the person get a job we want to see them chasing that career path we want to show them that they have value I could just keep going with these numbers but I just want to say one last thing right so again 2012 because it's the day that I walked in there was 18 to 38 year olds there was 200 this year past year 358 men 31 to 50 891 995 so the numbers are not as great as that 18 to 31 year old and why is that because of addiction and so the face of homelessness is changing because addiction is changing and it's growing more rapidly the last thing I would tell you the largest increase that we saw in homelessness amongst people was actually white Americans in 2012 in 2012 there was 626 white men this she asked me this year 925 so the same year 891 black and excuse me a thousand and ninety thousand and fifty eight black Americans in 2012 this year a thousand and ninety smaller increase but still an increase nonetheless and I have all the statistics of be more than willing to email them to you again these are just ours these are the people that we are going to fish out of the parks these are the people that were going into the community and bringing these are the ones living in tents so we're not just visiting under the bridge we're going everywhere because we're wide-ranging so I leave you with this and I extend this invitation to everyone come by the New Orleans mission walk through the facility and see what's available to the homeless through a free service in your community see everything that's available from GED literacy job placement training see all the beautiful campuses that we have before you continue to spend money on anything other than addiction and I close with that David thank you for the statistics you also had some really good suggestions regarding the feedings and partnering up with the city and offering your services for free to assist in that if I could get you with the health department so that you could relay your idea to them that would be very helpful yes now or later whenever they're available so I'm looking at the Tara over there she can she can facilitate that all right thank you yeah thank you thank you for all your work and your passion and as we talk about sort of capacity obviously mental health I think is another big piece of that and so I you know want to open the floor in the last few minutes to talk about that from the NAMI and the British house grace house perspective about you know what you see what you're dealing with and sort of obviously resources you have and what more could work better to wonderful again my name is Nathan Bausic I'm the transitional housing director for NAMI New Orleans NAMI is the largest grassroots mental health organization in the entire United States and NAMI New Orleans is the largest chapter of that within Louisiana we provide primarily education services but since the year 2000 we have provided many on-site supports in permanent supportive housing we have two apartment complexes that we manage as well we also have a low barrier safe haven for women experiencing homelessness we have case management all different kinds of programs so I'm gonna get into that first but in 2017 drug overdoses represented four out of every ten homeless deaths or 24 out of 60 every one of our staff that would do outreach carries naloxone for opioid overdoses and are trained in that we partnered with Metropolitan Human Services District to reduce that nearly every death can be attributed to years typically decades of untreated substance use and mental health issues the city currently does not have the resources to meet the growing need and prevent future tragedies a primary part of that is mental illness in itself over I want to say it's 60% of individuals experiencing schizophrenia have a condition called anosognosia it's a symptom of schizophrenia where they actually cannot develop insight into having an illness in itself so they're going to be resistant to treatment bipolar disorder it's typically an average about 40% according to Harvard 80% of any individuals of they seek treatment but it takes on average a decade we got you up wonderful so typically it takes on average 10 years before somebody has a psychotic event or episode before they actually seek and receive treatment what we're seeing now more and more as these individuals are actually going through the his the homeless system of care in order to access that treatment and when I get further down the slides I'll say why that is but in large part it's due to Medicaid funding in the state of Louisiana in city resources in 2015 there were an estimated 9.8 million adults aged 18 or older in the United States was a severe mental illness severe mental illness to social workers and to psychiatrists and psychologists is schizophrenia bipolar and major depression so they've had some type of psychotic episode relatively recently in the history that is preventing them from maintaining their housing or creating barriers to getting into housing in the future fmr which is fair market rent is it just extremely high for a population that is often unemployed or on disability due their condition if they're lucky most of our individuals since they were underemployed for most of the extent of their lives and have had psychotic events that have been undiagnosed and untreated for a decade fall within the realm of receiving seven hundred and fifty dollars a month but fair market rent in the city of New Orleans for individuals is eight hundred and forty four dollars there's just no way those numbers add up how mental health contributes to homelessness and substance abuse so we've been in partnership with unity of greater New Orleans and many other agencies for quite some time in the community I think we've been partners with you all since 2000 which has been an amazing thing but unsurprisingly mental illness can strain relationships with others disrupt capabilities of self-care and interrupt the routine of a daily job which are all factors that can lead to homelessness maintain homelessness encourage future family homelessness if their head of household has this illness also people who are homeless and suffer from mental illness are more prone to problems in physical health due to this neglect of self-care the inability to seek constant treatment from a primary care doctor that knows their history they have a leading causes and prevalence of respiratory infections HIV and substance use studies also show that these psychotic homeless individuals have a higher chance of being physically assaulted a study that was done in I believe it was Baltimore showed that one-third of homeless women were raped which would lead me to believe that these individuals have a higher increase of PTSD homeless homelessness and incarceration increases the risk of each other through what we call a positive feedback loop and we talked about that with the Health Department and we talked about with unity homelessness tends to lead to incarceration incarceration then again leads to homelessness all of these things can indeed be traumatic on an individual which increases their likelihood of developing a mental health condition why they're on the street for those 12 months in order to get housing what I've done in with NAMI New Orleans for my tenure with them is housing and homelessness and the intersectionality and what we've noticed is most of the facilities in our community Jefferson Parish and Canada's do not have the ability to actually accommodate these individuals their individual unique needs the strict rules and program structures is often too difficult for mentally ill individuals who often have a difficulty maintaining their ADLs which is things like bathing budgeting and self-care in addition to having disorganized thoughts which leads them to not understand program structure and rules and how to depth how to navigate our complex system of care not only for behavioral health but for homelessness the length of time required again is just far too long which is why I agree with unity and Martha Kegel that we need to have more money spent on permanent supportive housing and rapid rehousing in order to kind of break that cycle I'm obviously with a mental health organization so I'd love if it could be targeted to those individuals so that we don't see them getting sicker on the streets longer which I think would break up everything else what does NAMI New Orleans do so in 2017 and 18 NAMI New Orleans served 5,476 individuals according to our most recent report most of which have either experienced homelessness will experience homelessness or are currently experiencing homelessness but we have many different programs that we offer so we have what we call community psychiatric support and treatment which is CPST so that's community and home-based case management services linkage to resources management and in helping them to manage their symptoms of everyday illness so that could even be with the anosognosia helping them to develop insight on how they interact in their interpersonal relationships and in the community we also have PSR which we offer two adult day treatment programs for individuals with mental illness and obviously individuals who are homeless are welcome as well I do have to stress that all of our services since we are a social service agency are voluntary the individual has to want to come and engage in treatment we also have permanent supportive housing programs most of which are actually sub granted through unity of Greater New Orleans these are also referred by the Louisiana Department of Health and we have two apartment complexes as well that are directly funded through HUD we have two drop-in centers that's where anyone can just drop in and receive services we believe in peer-led support so they are peer-run but they do have licensed staff available for when that is necessary for linkage to case management linkage of how to navigate the mental health system and the homelessness system we also have a woman's space low barrier safe haven it's not as low barrier as the low barrier shelter but we do have a lot of reduced barriers and we have 24-hour support and licensed staff as well I have several recommendations not only for this council but for the state of Louisiana oh well got out of order many of which is a millage tasks tax similar to what Jefferson parish has to help fund behavioral health services in New Orleans we see oftentimes are not that most of the clients that come to us are actually coming from neighboring parishes so we need the support in a community level to provide those services in order for a homeless individual regardless of their condition to receive what we call CPST and PSR from us they have to receive authorization from their insurance companies in order for that to happen we also have to have them choose us as a provider and engage in a treatment plan and I've mentioned already in this this talk that a major part of major symptom and a part of their illness is anosognosia so they don't even consider themselves to have an illness most of the time let alone if they're paranoid or don't have access to get to us I also want to say that we do offer a monthly mental health first aid course you're much more likely to encounter someone with a mental health condition in the community than anyone ever experiencing any sort of heart attack stroke or anything of the like this is a very free service we also offer continuing education units for social workers currently I'm working on expanding that to nursing it's so that anyone in the community our outreach teams our navigation teams our city council members can recognize the signs and symptoms of a mental health condition and properly assist in linking them to appropriate services can I ask you a question about that you know see representative Harris here in the audience and he's getting ready to work on some mental health legislation involving guns you know the biggest piece I think that just doesn't get discussed and everything is stigma yeah I'm stigmatization and I think one of things I would like to sort of publicly think about is how do we reduce that stigma I mean obviously there's a stigma with being homeless and not having a house or not having the housing that you want but people feel free to talk about have a heart condition I have a liver problem my you know I have to go in to get my back taken care of and mental health is no different than that right it's it's it's a physiological condition how do you know what do we do to start breaking that cycle of stigma annually NAMI New Orleans and national NAMI has a walk to specifically reduce and raise awareness around stigma but a part of it is having those conversations within your faith-based groups your churches your schools all of that that having a mental health condition is absolutely okay and it is absolutely just like having any sort of any other physical illness in addition to substance use I mean once you have your first substance your brain is forever altered and so it limits your ability to have capacity insight and actually make informed decisions so we need to just all have those conversations on every level with our friends and friends and family members so that they know that it's okay to seek help I believe at the beginning of this presentation I said that it takes 10 years before that ever happens that's primarily because of stigma not because the services are not available not because the treatments might not work it's because of stigma and do you want to weigh in on that as well he said it all he said yeah I get it that's like me talking after Jason it doesn't he's already said everything I think working through the churches is going to be very very important because it's almost a setup for stigma and so I think that having conversations there because that's where a lot of people get their mental health support is at the church and so I think it's very essential to have that conversation I think some years ago there was a public media campaign that had public faces that people recognize as indicating you know it could be them with the mental health or with the drug problem so I think that if we could do some massive media campaign that's kind of where change takes place in this country it appears no I think I think you're right about that and I think it kind of dovetails what we're talking about with the administration to their you know here they are talking about faith-based groups and trying to utilize their resources to maybe do less on the donation side at homeless encampments but let's do more on on the stigma education let's talk about it openly you know somebody who's personally lived that I certainly understand the need to talk about it and get people to understand that that it's a condition like any other so I appreciate the fact that you're that that both of your groups are dealing with it and and as we work with the city how do we make sure stigma and reducing that 10-year barrier is something that we can work on and of course I'm representing Brits house grace house but just commenting once more on what's available through the faith community when you look at feeding and those kinds of things a lot of churches are already doing that so maybe that's a starting place like how do you expand that I'm a member of New Hope Baptist Church with passage of all weathers be and we do lion tamer's recovery support ministry which is about walking with a person to get them to the place hopefully of wanting to access resources which then leads me to bridge house I'm Jacqueline Smith with bridge house grace house and we provide resident long-term residential treatment to both men and women I've provided you with a packet of information I'll run through this right quick because I know we have to move on in 2018 we served 806 people 412 were men 394 were women the drug of choice of course is heroin it's opiates and then next alcohol we with the Medicaid expansion we were able to serve more people that actually had Medicaid insurance but the thing about bridge house grace house is we are here in this community to serve regardless of ability to pay and so if you look at at this sheet 76% of our population is Medicaid covered and 14% uninsured but the reality is the cost is not sufficient from Medicaid payments and the thing with the MC the medical the managed care organizations is we have one provider that we have to get pre-authorized every seven days for people to be able to stay in treatment that's ridiculous a lot of labor-intense work we have some others that may authorize us for 28 days and we know for a fact that the longer people are able to stay in treatment the more improved their outcomes are going to be so if somebody could help do something with this whole Medicaid billing and the multiple managed care organizations I think that would be helpful what's interesting is almost 53% of our population that we serve at bridge house grace house are homeless and many of those people actually have been arrested and as you talk about you know you're mentally ill you get you're homeless you get arrested it's this is a vicious cycle last year we had 2550 546 request for services that's just people calling us or contacting us via email and of those we assessed 1931 so people may call for services and then we can't find them afterwards so the people that we were able to talk to was 1931 and we're doing a screening because we are residential services and so that's a certain level and you have to meet the criteria you have to have an addiction to to get into our services and so of those recommend of those assessments 1830 and 843 were recommended for treatment so 1843 people needed to be admitted into our residential treatment but we could only accommodate 806 so there's a problem so even if everything worked like we thought it need to work still there's a capacity deficit you know we certainly want to we have a waiting list like today the waiting list may be 15 people but we have priority populations so homeless is a priority pop one of the priority populations for us but we have people coming out of hospitals people coming out of detox that get priority also so it could be on a waiting list for a minute as it relates to the people with comorbid disorders there's probably very very it's a rare occasion for a person to be in our facility for addiction treatment and not have a mental health problem and looking at our numbers last year it was 73 percent that had a co-occurring disorder what we're noticing now is not only are people coming with addiction issues with mental health issues but they're having some very complex medical issues and so when you put all of that together it's it's difficult and it certainly takes more than 28 days to get get somewhere with that and if you look on this other documented I'll run through it and not really share everything but people need our program includes work therapy and so if you're going to get out of Grace House you need a house or someplace to live you need employment to be able to support yourself and prior to treatment last year 1.2 percent of the men and 1 percent of the women had income from employment upon leaving our program 34 percent of the men and 25 percent of the women had employment income as it relates to stability and housing before entering Bridge House or Grace House 11.5 percent of the men and 13.5 percent of the women had stable housing situations upon exiting the program for those that completed 48 percent of the men and 40 percent of the women were in stable housing I agree with my colleagues 10,000 percent that affordable housing is critical we need this whole continuum of care and so it includes housing it includes mental health addiction treatment options and all of the supports that permanent supportive housing actually provides I'll leave with this little story from one of our former residents before I came here I thought I had control over my life but little did I know I had lost all control over everything in my life I lost two jobs within a three-week period I was unable to pay my bills my lights were about to be turned off I had no water and no heat in my house now today I see my life changing I know I still need work but have learned how to control my life and so those are the stories that we want to see in the end thank you for this opportunity to share and with the majority of our funding coming from individuals and Bridge House does I'm sure you've seen a lot of fundraising so if you want to support our fundraisers please do so thank you yes councilmember Marina thank you miss miss Smith for your presentation and as councilmember Jerusalem said representative Harris is here and I hope that he heard that that that issue that we continue to have on the mental health care side when it comes to the Medicaid the billing the overall management I mean that's been an issue for quite some time and we can't seem to get it right so be our champion right that's right thank you thank you representative Harris so I'm excited that he's gonna be taking that on this legislative session quickly I had a funding issue for you Nate you're I'm sorry you had brought up the let's see you've got a millage tax similar to Jefferson Parish is your recommendation what do you view as the funding needed for the community-based behavioral health services here in New Orleans what type of increase are you are you looking for and what does the Jefferson Parish millage bring in I'm not exactly sure about how much the Jefferson Parish millage brings in but I do know that JPHSA receives a considerable amount of their funding from that but they also fund many programs out in the community so we have one of them that's called JPHSA case management that provides two case managers to go out to I think a caseload of 60 people and they see them weekly so they can actually provide that extra level of support for individuals that may have Medicare that they don't pay for behavioral health I'm just trying to really get a better picture on the numbers on what's needed resource wise so so the more each one of your organizations that could help in that aspect I think it would be helpful to all of us sitting up here on the dais I would gladly send some appreciate it thank you and thank you all so much for the work that you do and for your presentations today I was asking the council president something but I want to echo what councilmember Moreno said which is the data is daunting and not to have a bad pun but also sobering when you see it and then also to put faces to the stories I think makes it even more so so we really appreciate the fact that mission oz and amen bridge house grace house unity nami we're here and of course you're a cross-section of what's being done here in the city but there are many other nonprofits that are doing like work similar work faith-based organizations that are blending their hands as well so no councilmember banks and then council real quick councilmember true so I would just ask that that we continue this dialogue with these nonprofits and and with these different organizations so I want to create I want to have you all almost be part of our working group with this full council so that we can this is constant because I think that's where we start to fall off where we make some progress and then all of a sudden the attention goes elsewhere but we have to keep it constant particularly with what miss Kegel was talking about with the trajectory going upwards across the country we can't have that happen in the city so know that you have this council as partners with you yes thank you councilmember banks adults me just for a second I want to go back to this city folks I'm sorry thank you guys thank you all very much but I wanted to ask the city folks another question and during this discussion we've heard stigma we've heard dignity and and we've heard enable but I've got a really basic question that we can't get around the fact that these encampments are here today now hopefully we can do enough to alleviate the situation at some point but in the interim one of the major complaints that we get from neighbors and neighborhoods is that human needs have to be met with these encampments what's the downside about the city placing portal that's at these encampments humans have to do human things and it is a problem when those things are taking care of the neighborhood is that something that we can do it is that going the list of enabling I'll take a stab at it I think like everything else it's complicated and and again everything's on the table quite frankly you're right there are some cities that do have public toilets I think the the ones that might be more successful are the ones that are available to everyone right I think San Diego might be one of the cities where in their high traffic tourist areas they have these public tours if you've been to Paris they sort of have the gold standard they've got these sort of big boxes but they self clean completely after every use those are something that would be I think contribute to safety contribute to improving sanitary conditions for not just using the encampments but but everybody they're really really really expensive placing them in sort of these established encampments I'm not sure that the initial benefit would outweigh the sort of unintended consequences again anytime that there is an enclosed space like a tent or like this the potential for really dangerous things to happen goes up so how do we how do we determine that for sure because I'm gonna tell you I get calls from neighbors all the time I get calls from businesses all the time and the fact is is that again hearing dignity hearing stigma it can't be good to have to go behind a building to handle something that is basic is a human need there's got to be a way that we got to figure out a way to do this and and I'm not trying to put anybody's safety in jeopardy I'm not trying to put anybody in any more of a precarious situation they already are out there on the street but we do know that we've got to deal with this and it is also adding to the problem because you increase the ire of the neighbors so yeah absolutely we actually toured San Francisco's pit stop model which is one where they actually are using people who are previously homeless to staff manage and monitor either trailers or these permanent you know self-cleaning there's a lot of different models out there and I think we agree that this is about finding that balance between there are areas where it is the right thing to do to provide some sort of a of a facility and there are areas where it would that would exacerbate an existing problem and parsing that out is the part that's very complicated and we are we're figuring that out with the community's help and with the help of experts and our partners here I think the timeline on figuring it out is when is as soon as possible I think if I could reframe it what maybe we should think of it as are there is is there 24-hour access to bathrooms we know that during the day you've got the rebuild center you've got the CRRC where folks can go shower use facilities come in and out do their laundry that sort of thing so during the day there are options now whether or not people choose to take advantage of them is a whole different story so what we're really asking is there a model to provide 24-hour access to bathrooms and whether that's a a portal it or whether that's a building or something that's open for that purpose all that on and doc I'm not trying to be funny our crafts but my bladder does not operate on an air our end of them so at the end of the day I mean I get it that their place is open in the daytime but what are supposed what are people supposed to do when it's not open and that when the problem arises when you don't have access to one of those facilities and you're going in somebody's driveway or on the side of somebody's car or doing what you normally have to do when those places aren't open now I know that the city doesn't have just unlimited funds and I would love to have a Paris style bathroom on every corner but in the interim port and let's don't cost that much so is there something that we can do to at least put that there to help the population that has to be there and to take some of the pressure off of the neighborhoods and that that's what I'm asking if we could look at Casper we can provide you with a full report on the everything that goes into that in the metrics we can sit down and go through that together because I think you're the urgency of this is absolutely what was our number one priority getting some of these solutions on the ground as soon as possible so as we were sort of saying that this is a little bit more complicated than a simply dropping off a portal it and because public safety is our number one concern and dignity is right there with it that figuring out that detail is the important part and that quality of life in there too for the rest of the neighborhood I bet on the list to absolutely on it what are the concerns I mean is it is it drug use and sexual assault that's what I'd heard had been in the past and what had to happen in other cities and how regularly it's you know being cleaned and you know sort of what does it look like at the end of the day I mean that those are logistics that can be quantified and so I think once if we when we quantify it we can weigh the balance of harm versus benefit that's what I'm just servicing like to get some numbers on paper instead of spitballing from from the table and just make sure that we have all the facts in front of us so we can address it directly and realistically and put together a plan okay I have a quick question you know once again I keep talking about the cost I'm just really trying to get that picture of what that looks like possibly on the city side so you had mentioned dr. a vague note about the possibility of another low barrier shelter low barrier shelter to what are the good as a cost look like for that and do you have a location scouted out so if we were to expand in the existing location and that's an if so the the VA as you know is has lots of floors so if we were to go up a floor the cost to build out that floor very similar to exactly what the low barrier looks like now an additional hundred beds very you know similar programming would be about three million dollars to build out the operating cost for the low barrier I believe are about 1.2 million currently and so if you just as a rough estimate back of the envelope double that to operate gotcha you're like gotcha gotcha so three million capital another 1.2 million to operate carefully and and and priority would go to at that same location where the current one is expansion there it's it's the more logical location at this point that doesn't mean that there's not other options that could come down the pipe sure it might replace up sure and as we build on to this low barrier shelter I think it would be great to wrap in even more addiction services and mental health services and housing services and and continue to build on that San Antonio model that that you talked about before that's the ultimate goal thank you councilmember banks and thank you mr. chairman and I want to be public and on the record that I've heard much banter and much noise about this ordinance somehow trying to criminalize homelessness well I can tell you from where I sit that is nowhere near unconscionable this has nothing to do with criminalizing homelessness this is a social issue that we've got to come to a solution for and that is what I am intent and I'm positive that every one of my colleagues is on that same line so whoever is spreading that that we are somehow trying to hurt homeless people that is truly untrue and cannot be further from reality this is about making a situation that we have to live with every day much better not only better for the people that are out there on the street but the people that have to interface with them that is where we're going with this and I wanted that to be on the record thank you councilmember banks I just really want to thank you for for saying that I don't know where that came from either I mean the the big predominant changes in this ordinance come to work to reporting and notification and putting out their information so that the public understands what happened with the sweeps and who's the outreach services that are going out there and it's really more about the collection of data so that we as a council can be better informed about what resources are needed in our city and how to better combat this issue very holistically and working all together with of course with the nonprofit groups that are here yeah with what with with that being said I mean we've obviously been talking about this for months the proposed ordinance has been circulating for two weeks I have not received any comments from any other council members because my view is this is this is not really an enforcement tool it's a management one that's that's the sole purpose of this is to make sure that we're collecting information as we talked about today we're sharing it and we're using it in a very smart way together from the administration the council and with the public so I guess I would ask sort of two things one is if there are any concerns particularly the length of time from from my colleagues councilmember Williams told me on the way out that he's willing to be a co-sponsor I think I heard from councilmember Banks that he's willing to co-sponsor so before we submit I guess first are there any significant concerns from anybody and then secondly or the administration thank you good point and then also making sure we just move forward because I think I think councilmember Moreno said it earlier it's easy to talk about something but it's easy to lose sight of it too and this is just a way to kind of keep us all moving together so councilmember Palmer I'll ask my colleagues to go and then ask the administration as well thank you councilmember Serra and councilmember Moreno I read the ordinance and I've been briefed by by my team that was briefed by your team and then also by the administration I agree that this seems more of an administrative issue I know that there were some concerns from the administration side I would just like to kind of hear what those are because I do I do like the reporting requirement piece I know there might be issues like how we report it and what that looks like and what that matrix looks like and I can appreciate that coming from a housing background but in order for me when I was in that background to receive funding I always had to to monitor and give stats and information on what we're doing to prove our effectiveness and to prove what we were doing how we were and how to be held accountable so is that the the primary issue that the administration takes issue with or is it something that we can all come together on absolutely we can all come together on and I think that that is absolutely where the administration is completely on board with codifying all this and giving us all the tools that we need to be able to address us effectively there are some little pieces of it that I think we just want to make sure that we're on the same page and that we're reading that the same way if we need to do some minor tweaks or in the language it's something like that again I'm not an attorney so I can't speak to all of that exactly precisely but there are concerns that you know some sometimes the way it is written somehow begs an enforcement that is beyond our existing capacity right and I think we I wouldn't want to do that I mean personally I think this this piece of legislation is just to illustrate intent I wouldn't even think that the council should quite frankly make a matrix on reporting requirements I think that should come from y'all and then presented to us I mean that's what the administration does as long as their basic ideas on what we're trying to track here does that make absolutely and given this is the first of this subcommittee I thank you again for assembling this and for this topic of conversation that now from what we've heard today now that we are all on board and on the same page about exactly what is happening and where we feel like we need this to go that we can sit down a little bit more in-depth and thoroughly to make sure that we are understanding and intent behind all of it is actually reflected the same way in the language to so that we do it really right and we get everything in there that we need to get in there and that's where some of the details I know that the you know the attorneys and subject matter experts have been combing through as well great so we're all together when we talk about the intent of what we're trying to do yeah I mean I think yes yes okay great then then you please add me thank you and I think councilmember Palmer and Masele if you don't mind me speaking for example one of the issues might be how broad an encampment area or or other area is well we have to legally and constitutionally make sure we're doing that the right way and so I think a reasonable interpretation under the ordinance right now may make it too broad and that's not what we want to do we want to make sure that we're meeting the legal prescriptions is necessary and obviously want to make sure we're working in tandem with the administration to get that right so I appreciate that obviously we look forward to continuing our work with you all on that and so if anybody else wants to join we're happy to do that but we also look forward to working with the administration short order because we you know we do want to get this on first read in short order so we appreciate it thank you very much all right with that we have oh I have one comment card on this issue in particular I know Dr. Van Lendingham you've been waiting patiently for a while at my understanding is your comments are gonna intersect sort of neatly with what we've been discussing anyway I appreciate your being here today and for for your patients thanks for having me first I'd like to say that I learned a lot from the presentations they were very informative and very well well organized and thank you very much for that I am Mark van Lendingham I'm a professor at Tulane School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine our Dean Tom Luis wanted to be here today he had a prior engagement that did not allow him to do that and he asked me to speak on his behalf and then read a statement from him into the record it's two parts it's short I promise Tulane School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine is keen to work with the city of New Orleans and relevant non-government organizations to help us better understand the needs of the city's homeless population and to help make and implement recommendations to address those needs indeed we have several initiatives currently underway some have to do with practice some have to do with research be happy to talk to you about those if you're interested second part of the statement is the position of the Dean of the School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine is that concurrent with the enactment and enforcement of new rules and regulations to address public health and other hazards related to the homeless encampments new initiatives that better address the needs of this population must also be developed enacted and enforced thank you very much for your attention to these very important complex issues that affect this especially vulnerable population and the rest of the city be happy to answer questions or address comments if there were any I really appreciate your being here I think Dr. van Lendingham maybe I can ask this from councilmember Moreno earlier we sort of talked about this working group and when we met with Tulane earlier this week you know they talk about all this work that's going on around homelessness and mental health and public health we would love you to be part of that conversation as well because you know we have the administration who has to execute we have the nonprofits who are boots on the ground but you also bring academic prism through which we should be looking at these issues as we happen to do that we have several faculty that are keenly involved in this issue and our students are also a very important resource they're creative they're very smart they're very brave you know they're willing to kind of get out there and do it do what needs to be done thank you thank you doctor appreciate it just so we have a complete record I also have a letter from Country Club Gardens Association of Guarding Homelessness will make that part of the record and with that I'm going to move to the last substantive discussion item which I don't think will take very long though I do appreciate Tulane and Loyola being patient if their representatives would like to step forward please and again what I'm really just asking about here is some education from the universities about what they're doing with their students as they live in neighborhoods right I mean that's what we're really here to discuss I think councilmember banks you sort of just made the point with homelessness that so much of this is a quality of life issue and not only how it affects the people who are living on the street but how it affects the people who live here too and I think you know you have wonderful first-class first-rate schools that are here but also the uniqueness of our geography is that these students live right in the hearts of our neighborhoods and I know they have some some good things to tell us so I appreciate everybody being here I guess Lauren would you mind sort of doing the drill from right to left so we know who's at the table good seeing everybody and again thank you for bearing with us for so long thank you I'm Lauren Jardel I'm the director for local government and community relations at Tulane Kirk Boilis the chief of police for Tulane University Tommy screen director government legal affairs at Loyola Alicia Bork chief student affairs officer Loyola thank you and and and look I appreciate everybody being here you know I appreciate the partnership I've met separately with Tulane Loyola obviously you know some of this is is issues the neighbors have told us about so we wanted to kind of provide a public forum to address that and then simultaneously you know Lauren as you're kind of discussing where Tulane is and evolving we have sanitation in the room we should talk some about the bulk pickup that was requested and obviously if it's an issue for Loyola as well we want to get out there so you know give you the floor for about the next 10 minutes and thank you all for being here again all right I'll start off it's all right thanks to you so I'm I'm very familiar with the city when having worked for the city for 30 some odd years and I'm new to this position but I've jumped in with both feet Tulane University has two main campuses in the city one is uptown and the other is downtown the uptown campuses the university a lot of people think that the Tulane Police Department basically deals with the campus itself but we actually go beyond those boundaries we have a CEA with the New Orleans Police Department to extend our patrol coverage for a mile so we go from Calton Avenue to Jefferson from st. Charles to Claiborne and we do actively patrol those areas and we also handle calls for service for both affiliates or Tulane affiliates and non affiliates so it's not just dealing with people who are students or faculty or staff of Tulane it's anybody who lives in the neighborhoods and we did have a few stats just to kind of throw out for you guys so you have a little bit of an idea of what type of impact that we have so for 2018 we handled 4156 calls for service in the neighborhood okay 357 of those were affiliates or Tulane people 3799 were non affiliates so it's neighborhood issues just to give you an idea there were 55 traffic incidents 14 traffic accidents 44 suspicious persons 225 noise complaints 55 medicals for suicides 86 alarms so the impact is that we're we are in the neighborhoods and we're working with the New Orleans Police Department to try to mitigate and abate safety issues that are occurring so far this year we've handled 800 almost 900 calls for service in the neighborhood 116 affiliate and 789 affiliates so we're continuing with that yes oh cameras we are in the process we're waiting to get the CEA finalized but the Tulane University is going to purchase cameras crime cameras and put them there'll be 15 of them there will be on the outskirts st. Charles to Calhoun Calhoun to North Claiborne and down Broadway those 15 cameras will be purchased at a cost of about a hundred and sixty thousand dollars by Tulane donated to the city and through a CEA we will have access to those cameras so that if we need them for investigations or crime mitigation we have access to them through the RTC see the real-time crime center so that is something that we we feel is important if if everything works as we anticipate there's definitely a possibility of maybe expanding in the future great I appreciate and I just want to say you know somebody goes to the neighborhood meetings I know in particular the maple area neighbors are appreciative of the uptick from from both police departments and I think particularly Tulane PD on bicycles you know they're happy to see see that around the neighborhood so thank you all for that thanks moving into the future hopefully not too distant future hopefully we're looking at maybe about a year from now we're going to be building a station a substation on Broadway at 1036 Broadway it's right at the corner of simple in Broadway and it'll be a multifunction station will have hotel space for NOPD second district if they'd like to come our Tim's in our police officer so what it will do is it will move our patrol function into that building so that there'll be an increased presence in the neighborhood along Broadway in simple our officers will use that to come and go during their shift they'll write reports there it'll be open to the public so the public can come as well and we believe that that is something that's that will help that neighborhood and the things that are going along on along Broadway and then in the Calton area I think they would welcome that as an understatement okay great thanks for that update um and then I guess sort of also talking about you know move in move out this sort of sanitation issues and then I said this other day of normal we met just think it bears publicly repeating to that the city's got to do its part to write in housing for students and so we're committed to working with the universities particular we know there is a couple of problem addresses and one of them is in process right now on Broadway the other is seemingly improving but I think we want to make sure that it's a two-way street right that we're doing our part and and I think certainly if you give people place to live that doesn't look very good and there's code enforcement violations they think they can treat the city the same way so we want to make sure we're doing we're doing what we can there too well quickly what we are doing is so I'll start off with our map so this map indicates the locations where our students are living both undergraduate and graduate students off-campus this does not include the downtown area but this helps us better target our efforts in the neighborhood so we are using data to inform our efforts as far as education we are educating students and parents in a variety of ways some of these will be new for this year the off-campus living guide we hope is it will be a comprehensive guide for all of the students off-campus for the services that Tulane provides both before they move in as well as emergency numbers where to find your trash pickup dates that kind of information then we're also working with Loyola on a magnet that will be distributed at the beginning of the academic year to probably roughly 10 to 12,000 residences in the university area just a quick guide for some of the same noise and trash issues that have been going on again with our education efforts this is just an example of one of the many ways we're incorporating good neighbor education efforts into different avenues this was a trifold that our campus well our student health center created for Mardi Gras this was handed out to both Tulane students and their guests who stayed on campus so a lot of this is safety stuff for Mardi Gras but also courtesy you'll notice we do ask the students not to use the bathroom outside so just small things like that where we try to incorporate messages of good neighbor education throughout throughout the semester of the academic year we do trash collection five times a year these are those rough timelines for that we also do them on an as-needed basis and this is something that Tulane pays for and this isn't necessarily just once in August or once in September this might be more you know two or three times during move-in or for Mardi Gras for instance we do trash pickups every day during that five day period and again with graduation and move out and these are the times where especially for move-in and move-out where we need additional help with bulk pickup those dates or something that I'd like to work with Loyola on before we present them to your office and the sanitation office and I guess let's just try and get some buy-in while we're all here Cynthia I just want to make sure you heard what what was being asked is that while move-in and move-out happens obviously a lot of the the issues are around bulk pickup and so with the universities are just asking is during that time period of move-in move-out and they'll provide you the dates as they work together that that we try and also use our resources as well help with that bulk pickup because that becomes such the big issue and and hopefully it also it avoids our office or neighbors calling contact and sanitation too and certainly as we've met with the representatives from the universities in your office we'll continue to talk about and make sure students are aware of what's eligible and what is not our contracts have volume limitations where we found one of our biggest challenges is that yes it's a house but it may be a home with multiple people so the sheer volume of it requires private service that would include bulk pickup as well so we need to keep identifying those properties that need that service we are collection contractors will have a volume limit so we just need to make sure everybody's clear on that and what we can and can't do is it that can you ask this sort of as we know know that knowing that we have move-in move out just try and look at the numbers because you know the volume may change or whatever at certain periods of time if there's if there's ways to kind of use use volume to our advantage because we know these two times of the year are going to be so critical I would appreciate that too we'll continue to work on it we have again contractual limitations okay and and by city code right thank you thank you okay so for move out this year in May we will host a collection fair or drive where at 1036 Broadway since we will not have started construction yet we will ask students to bring their gently used and clean furniture and housewares that they'd like to donate we're working with nonprofits in the city on their capacity to take these donations and this will be held over several days during the final exam and graduation time period and then for move in we will host a move-in recycling fair where we collect cardboard boxes and provide information to students on the neighborhood city code would be great if sanitation could join us if they have the staff available for this as well as services that the university offers also we are cactus group our student group hosted a catch basin clean out in early November with the city and we're very proud of all the work they did according to the city they cleaned out I believe over 50 catch basins had over 30 bags of trash and then for our wave of service day which is our faculty and staff day of service that will be in April this is also an option for them to choose and I know my office will be well represented their communications as well as research and student affairs have all ready volunteered and that is still open for faculty and staff to volunteer for this so we're excited to be able to do something like this in the neighborhood as well as the other work that we do throughout the city then one of our other mitigation efforts really is trying to bring more students back onto campus so we will be opening the Commons in the fall and once that opens and is up we will tear down brief Commons this map is a little bit just to orient you on campus you're not as familiar for at is running on the left side of the screen and then will owe over to the right so this plan will ultimately add about a thousand beds on campus new beds so that ultimately we can look at having a junior residency requirement on campus this residents renewal plan will take roughly five to seven years all goes well but the first step will be tearing down broth and the late in late later this year and beginning construction on two residence halls in that footprint and this is all detailed in our institutional master plan and then lastly here's contact information for any neighbors with concerns we do have a new reporting form if somebody wants to use this Avenue there's a tab for neighbor relations that will come directly to me so it's much like sending me an email perfect thank you and Lauren also I know you go to so many of the neighborhood meetings which I know is appreciated because I think a lot of times it's easy to point sort of at a faceless institution but having a person there makes it a lot more palatable for the people in the neighborhood so I appreciate that and then I get and then you have anything else I also we host community meetings there's generally at least one every year that we host on campus great thank you and then you know from Loyola's perspective we appreciate the fact that you all provide us the addresses where your students lived we ran a search of those and really didn't find any violations so we obviously want to extend the same thing to Loyola that we that we do for Tulane in terms of making sure the students have good housing can you all talk a little bit about your education piece that you do maybe is bork you're the right person so absolutely and so we take a consistent and repetitive approach with our students and our parents beginning typically with our first-year students in person at our orientation sessions letting them know about neighborhood relations resources available to them those sorts of things we do a safety and security in the big easy presentation that covers this with them prior to peak times Mardi Gras we got the PowerPoint up yeah Mardi Gras move in move out those sorts of times we again repeat that consistent messaging this time through email format all obviously being available to contact in person or via telephone we also have a website that we have for our off-campus students our commuter students that includes information such as options for furniture removal and we'd appreciate those updates to the volume information so that we can keep our website up to date we'll have donation opportunities we recently started a food pantry on campus so that students can make donations there we also started what's called Iggy's wardrobe it's Iggy's cupboard for the pantry Iggy's wardrobe so gently use professional items that students can use for interviews and things like that again to help with maybe the bulk or overflow we promote respect consideration in our communications we have a commuter student program so there's a person that's dedicated to our commuter students that might need help with getting rid of items or move in move out those sorts of things so we have a specific person that our students can go to this is that map of our students that we mentioned by zip code and then some of our public safety efforts our LUPD has a great relationship with our TUPD with our NOPD we have increased patrols during peak times a palm Bluetooth service for our students and dispatch we also share a shuttle with Tulane and we also utilize our students utilize their tap-ry program and that helps with decreased foot traffic and increased safety and then some of our additional and continued efforts we also have a representative that goes to our mate the Maple Street neighborhood relation meetings and she's actually the chair of our behavioral intervention team so if we ever need to close the loop on any kind of community issues we have a team of people that are at the ready to do that okay great well I appreciate the presentations and again for being here and I think the commitment from from both schools you know I think I think we sometimes forget sometimes these are college students and they forget that they're living in in neighborhoods and so I think the reinforcement is incredibly important so I appreciate it I do have one comment card actually let's see Joe here in Mueller you're up sir you have two minutes to address us thank you for being here thank you councilman J for unity of Greater New Orleans and we really appreciate our ongoing relationship that we've had with students and administration of both Loyola and Tulane over the years and we have a program where we currently pick up trash not discarded items and donated items from the dormitories at the move-out dates and in an ad hoc way we pick up furniture and other household goods from students that move out time in off-campus housing and we use that to provide the sort of basic necessities that homeless folks need you know addressing the previous agenda item the in today to the tune of about 70 people a month we assist in moving into their own homes and that's primarily myself one unpaid full-time staff person and a crew of thought community volunteers and we would look forward to an opportunity to work with universities to collect you know the bulk items at least in some way provide those to homeless folks there would be certainly a lot of issues around some issues around logistics of how that would operate because it would be a high volume at a short time but we would look forward to an opportunity to work with the city and the universities that way yeah I mean I think I think the unifying theme today has been leveraging relationships and working together and you know like we've just heard there have been problems when students move into a house somebody's left their furniture behind so then that furniture goes on the street you know we obviously want to make sure it gets in the right hands and particularly you don't want to give junk away to people who are moving in either yeah we don't want to give junk away but we want to give good quality stuff people who can use it and not see that go on the trash right so let's find a way to connect unity with the universities the extent it's not happening right now to make sure that that it is happening but there may be ways to make it happen in a bigger on a larger scale with more resources we love love to see larger scale and make it easier for everybody and maybe take some resources off the city at the same time so we appreciate everybody I have thank you appreciate it thank thank you the universities for being here I have one more comment card that's related to French Quarter National Historic Landmark is mr. Tucker still here okay well then with that I'm gonna move to adjourn the meeting council members thank you all for being here today and for your participation look forward next meeting talking about blight and dumping I moved second second by councilmember Palmer all those in favor aye four ayes thank you you you
