 Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We're going to start in about 5 to 10 minutes. Thank you. It would be a little delayed today. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. » Thank you. Please vote Wait. Youra for scheduled performances to utilize loading zones. I'd like to at first call Hannah Krieger-Benson to the table as well as Jen Cecil while I'm making a few comments. This came to our attention in that a lot of our musicians have been receiving tickets while they're loading and offloading into clubs. As we all know, the culture economy is a major attraction for the city, but we often do not treat them well and nor are they compensated appropriately. It's also, I think, insulting to get a ticket that is almost as much as your gig when you have to for an entire night of playing. So we are trying to find a solution to this. We have put forth and drafted an ordinance. We've not introduced it yet. We want to get some public opinion before we do so. So Hannah is here from Macnow and I'd like you both to kind of introduce yourselves and Hannah, I'd like you to talk, first I'd like Jen to talk a little bit about what this looks like and what they've done and then Hannah, if you wouldn't mind adding some comments and we'll go from there. So Jen from Safety and Permits, would you like to talk a little bit about what we're trying to do here? Sure, my name's Jen Cecil. I'm the director of the One Stop for Permits and Licenses and the council member and the council research office brought to us a proposal regarding parking for musicians unloading and loading temporarily in front of venues or on the same block as a venue because oftentimes their equipment is too large to be able to walk for several blocks when you think about a crowded area such as Frenchman Street. The way that after discussing it with council research, we decided to approach it was from the standpoint of venues that are licensed for live entertainment because that would present a couple of opportunities for us and it would keep us from becoming involved in determining what constituted music or regulating any individual musician regarding their expression. So since we do license venues for live entertainment, the approach taken to this ordinance was that we would extend two permits to every venue that has a live entertainment license, hopefully then helping us incentivize anybody who might be eligible or grandfathered in for live entertainment to formalize that and get the appropriate license and thereby keeping us out of any sort of freedom of expression concerns and keeping it in a direct relationship. The plan that was discussed also included only a 15 minute unloading time for the loading and unloading of the equipment. I'm sure that that's still somewhat flexible but we've been working with DPW as we're refining this to figure out what's going to work for them as far as being able to recognize this placard, respond immediately and make sure that when we are, or when we do begin using it, that everyone is trained so those tickets do stop happening. Great, thank you so much. I'd like to turn over comments to Hannah and then to open it up to any of the council members. Council members, also in front of you, you have this sheet which was put together by MACNO. They've been gathering information and comments from musicians from across the city and I just want to thank you for your advocacy. It makes it a lot easier for us and to convey information to us to understand what's important and what's not important. So again, Hannah, I'll just turn it over to you. Thank you, good morning. My name is Hannah Krieger-Benson. I do programming and research with Music and Culture Coalition of New Orleans. Thank you for your attention to this matter. One of the main categories of response that I've been getting is just community gratitude that governmental resources and time are being put towards something to try to make musicians' lives better. So that's the first thing. I do want to thank Andrew Sullivan especially for taking the time to meet with me a couple of times in the last few weeks. Like you said, the document that you've got is just a quick assembly of all of the commentary that we've gotten and I color coded it by type. Full disclosure, I left the wording as is. There's a little bit of salty language, nothing vulgar, but a couple of the comments are a little bit. I actually like the salty language. Fair enough. Andrew's first. It's very real. But I wanted to just sort of summarize sort of the different categories of responses and what I think they illustrate. The biggest thing, and this is one that Andrew and I have talked about, is the need for a map of loading zones. So we've requested from the administration a map of all the loading zones. So as soon as we get that, we will convey that to you so you can also disseminate that information. Awesome. And the big thing with that is that that is one way to cut through one particular sort of category of responses to this which is it's well-meaning but not actually relevant. And that is until there's a clear sense of how loading zones exist in proximity to music venues, there are many, many cases in which this is not sort of relevant to the reality on the ground. So the first thing there is the mapping of that. It can also of course highlight potential trouble spots, although anecdotally those are pretty clear. So I'm gonna just sort of go over the different categories of commentary instead of explain what I think the patterns that they're starting to show. So again, the first one which is the ones in green are the ones that are just straight-up supportive. And there are a number of those. There really is a lot of excitement about this. The comments in red are the ones that show the current problems, and this is what council member Palmer mentioned, this idea of you play a gig, you make 52 bucks, you get a loading, or you get a ticket, in this particular instance that I'm thinking of, the musician, she was actively, she was carrying her gear, she was carrying something quite large I think, and her wife was in the car in the loading zone, it was sort of this active loading, and she got a $40 ticket having made $52 at her gig, and that's the one to me that just sort of really stuck out. And again, that one was on Frenchman Street, which we'll get to in a minute. And there's a number of other responses around tickets well actively loading. Actually the car I think was getting towed, the person had gone inside, flashers on, gone inside, grabbed their keyboard, and you know, you move as quickly as you can, but the schlep is very real, and it's sort of a built-in, it's a structural part of being a musician, or being a visual artist in some cases, that there's kind of a built-in schlep, and that's not true in a lot of other jobs, and you can only sort of move as quickly as you can, given the gear that you're carrying. So the next category, and this was very wide ranging, and very, very numerous, I think I put them in blue. And these are just sort of talking about different ways to expand this issue, and to expand the research around it. And again, the idea here is, let's make this ordinance the best that it can be, because an ordinance that is well-intentioned, but not actually helpful, unfortunately doesn't do a lot of good. I mean, that seems to be where this is sitting right now, given the disconnect between the reality that the musicians face. So the ones in blue, one thing that they talk about again, are where are the loading zones? And there's a number of comments actually about loading zones that are not actually city-sanctioned, but have been marked by businesses in different ways. And again, that sort of gets down a deep rabbit hole that is one far beyond my expertise, and something that needs to be sort of carefully looked at. One thing that did come up, of course, is making sure that it would apply to artists and other practitioners, which I think is really interesting, because again, there are other jobs in the cultural economy that do involve the moving of stuff in that way, and the use of loading zones. And then the other category in the blue comments are about the expansion to parking, because a lot of people sort of immediately conflated loading and parking, and began talking about any number of things, including longer parking zone times, so you're not trying to run in and out in the middle of a gig, partnering with Park Mobile, having a designated lot for musicians with a shuttle, which is something that obviously has come up in various other contexts as well. And the last category, which is probably the biggest, in terms of repetitive specific comments, and I understand that this is directly counter to safety and permit sort of initial thought, is the idea of tying it to specific vehicles, and that honestly was the most common response, was that musicians, and the underlying reason was the following, that again, while it is well-intentioned, if I pull up into a loading zone, get out, go inside, have to find someone on staff who knows where this pass is, one that's one more thing for the bar staff to keep track of, these are people who keep track of more things on a daily basis than I think I ever could, and that's assuming that the night manager knows where the day manager put it, et cetera, et cetera, by the time I come back out to my car with said pass, I may have already gotten a ticket, given the quick response to the, forgive me, what is the correct term for the people who give the tickets? What's the technical? PCOs. PCOs, okay. Given the quickness of the PCOs, by the time I've gone in and gotten the pass and come back out, I may have already gotten a ticket, and in that time, I probably could have just thrown my gear into the venue and gone to park, and then doing the same thing again in reverse at the end of the night. So there's a pretty strong sense that having physical passes tied to the clubs will only work some of the time, and the busier, or the denser of a cultural ecosystem, so we're talking about Frenchman of the Quarter, what have you, the less and less it'll work. And then of course, the fact that they will just get lost. They will get, they'll get, they'll sort of disappear out into the world, and obviously venues can print new ones, and Jen with her laminating machine can laminate more, but in terms of making it the most effective and efficient and streamlined, it doesn't seem like that's quite the right thing. So one thing that had come up is the idea of email, and coming from the venue, either to the bandleader, or distributed in some other way, so having it again tied to the venue, but distributed electronically to be printed before the gig, that's one thing that had come up, and that actually leads into, I was gonna talk about just sort of some general ideas about solutions, and the one thing is that if a musician or musician and artist focus group would be useful, Macknow has already offered to sort of help make that happen, so we can definitely do that, which is one of the reasons why we had asked that this not be moved forward today, was so that we'd have the time to do that, so that's something that I'm gonna start working on. Another big chunk of it, again, is sort of researching around any type of, something that's gonna be tied to individual musicians or vehicles, and I understand that that is a potentially very fraught idea, but that is sort of the community response at large, seems to be that that's what is wanted. The other thing, another piece of it, is training-based solutions, I guess, talking to the PCOs and figuring out if there's some ways that in certain places, at least maybe some of the densest cultural ecosystems, there could be a grace period, there could be, it's very difficult to sort of regulate it legally without sort of getting into a ridiculous rabbit hole where you're trying to give PCOs a visual guide and this is what all the different types of music gear look like, you know, we're not trying to sort of get that granular, but if there could be some way of, I think there may be some training-based or procedure-based stuff that could be very useful. The one other thing that came up a number of times, and I don't think I put it as a separate color, but I believe it was at least, last time I counted it was six, and I think now maybe several more, is people, and this is now talking specifically about Frenchman, which is definitely a special case. Actually, I'm gonna back up and talk about Frenchman for a second. A couple of things that make Frenchman special, one, the density, of course, two, the fact that you have music starting earlier in the day than many places, you have music starting at two or at four, many loading zones go till six. If you work in a place like that, you begin to, you learn the rhythms of it, you know where to look for parking or loading, you kind of have your strategies, but if it's, you know, if it's before six o'clock, there's a whole different sort of approach to it, so that's one thing that makes Frenchman very different. And so it may be worth implementing this in the entire city and then doing some more deep dive on Frenchman or the quarter or what have you, but specifically regarding Frenchman, the idea of not having Lyft and Uber come down the street. Yeah, I was struck by the comments and the number of musicians talking about how Lyft and Uber really clogged the streets and take up the loading zones. And I think there's a whole other issue that we need to start talking about citywide, especially within the quarter, we know the same thing is happening everywhere and creates another level of confusion. That is pretty much the extent of my initial comments and I would be happy to answer questions to clarify. Well, thank you so much. This has been incredibly helpful. We really, really appreciate it. Councilmember Williams. I wanna just sort of, I guess, linger on that one congestion issue. I was not surprised to see the comments about Uber and Lyft because frankly, all across the city, you can see traffic coming to a standstill and only to find out that someone is loading up suitcases or getting out in the middle of the street, literally in the middle of the street. And I'm 100% understand the beauty of the shared economy, but cab drivers and shuttles, they know the rules, they're trained professionals and they're not in town from Hancock, Mississippi, trying to figure out where Burgundy is. They saw Burgundy, but they don't see Burgundy, right? And so I can, and having lived in the quarter, you can literally make a five minute drive 30 minutes because of two Uber, Lyft pickups. And so I think we need to start having, I mean, the musicians, they live and breathe in, but I think we need to start having a conversation, maybe even have Uber and Lyft come in and have a conversation with them on a corporate level about proper training and understanding that drivers need to follow all of the rules that cab drivers follow in terms of where they pick people. I mean, it's not an inconvenience to go 10 more feet to park the car rather than letting people get in and get out in the middle of the street. It's also a hazard if there's a bike coming down because you're gonna open the door into the bike lane. So having untrained drivers picking up people for money is something that I think we need to have a really longer conversation on. Maybe even to the point that they aren't allowed in certain congested areas, where they could maybe just go to Canal Street or Esplanade or some boundaries just to free up that congestion in the quarter, which might address a number of these things. I'd love to know what you think about that. Yeah, I think that is, I think it's striking the similarity of repeated comments exactly around that. And I think most of those were around Frenchmen. Some of, I've been doing research on the cultural economy of Frenchmen, some of the folks that these comments came from were people who I was specifically talking to about Frenchmen, but some of them were just generally solicited comments. And even then, they often were talking about Frenchmen of the quarter. So I think there's a pretty strong pattern there. And the idea of lifter Uber not being allowed down the street, having a drop-off zone somewhere else, it kind of comes back to what I was calling the schlep. Because if you work in the service industry and you don't have associated gear or stuff, it may be an inconvenience, and maybe you're getting dropped off. But if you've got music gear, even if you're getting dropped off, and now you're two and a half blocks away, instead of half a block away, that can be massively inconvenient, or it can lead to a chronic problem. Yeah, but I think you can easily make do with that if they're being dropped off in front of a gig. You know what I'm saying? Well, that's what I'm saying. You can't get to the gig because of the congestion, and now you're being dropped off two blocks away instead of right out front. It makes a huge difference, and then there's chronic health problems from dragging things around, et cetera, et cetera. So I think that that is, I think that larger conversation opens up, and I think that also sort of reflects how this seemingly very sort of small, specific, and very welcome proposal sort of opens up these large areas and different. No, it's great. It shines a light on it. And Councilmember Williams, I think, is dead on. A lot of cities that have entertainment districts and historic centers, Uber and Lyft have to pick up on the outside of them, and it really helps promote it and protects everybody, quite frankly, within these areas. And it starts a larger conversation about just how many cars we need on the street, one on the street, a lot of cities internationally. There's just no cars in certain areas. Yeah, and they're pedestrianizing the entire downtown areas. So it might be a sort of a way to look at that on a gradual level. So we start thinking about it and realizing, oh, you know what, five block walk, that didn't kill me. Also, with regards to, could you reach a consensus? Because it seems like there's some folks who think the passes could cause an extra problem, and some people think the pass is the only way to go, whether it's stuck on a car. Reading these, I frankly was, I always assumed that a loading zone would be a loading zone, whether you were pulling out boxes of beer or Coke or tubas in drums. I just assumed that a meter maid would see someone with a drum set, and that would be able to treat them the same way as if they had a gurney full of Pepsi. So I'm shocked that that's not the case, and I think we certainly need to have at least the protections we have on vendors for our musicians, because that's why people are down there drinking Pepsi and Coke in the first place. That's very true, and this, and please correct me if I'm wrong, but my understanding was that the way loading zones currently work has to do with company, sort of company branded vehicles, and sort of official. They have special commercial license plates. Commercial license plates, yeah. Which we don't want to obviously put the musicians on that. I think it's the higher cost. It could be more of a burden. Is that correct, Jen? Yes, Council Member, it is. I mean, if you guys can reach a consensus on whether or not it's a sticker or a tag, or whether it's permanent, and hopefully whatever it is, it can be done online, so they don't have to come here, because it takes forever to get anything done here. Well, that's where the focus group idea comes in. This is kind of the initial presentation of the breadth of community response, and then the focus group would hopefully be able to come to a point of agreement, but that all is contingent on the idea of pursuing the whole concept of individual-based passes anyway, which it sounds like is not necessarily what the city wants to, you know, thinks is realistic. In terms of the actual format of it, I think that could certainly be hammered out without, you know, in a pretty straight... It might take a little bit of time, but that's the kind of thing that we want to be putting our time into, for sure. Thank you. This is great work. Thank you. Council Member Russo. Thank you. I just want to follow up with what Council Member Williams said, and of course, as usual, it's a lot of the same ideas, but I think we do need to have this holistic conversation with the TNCs. For a reason, you mentioned, certainly, we've had this conversation with the bicycles, and, you know, when we had the meeting last week, there was so much conversation about parking in the lanes and kind of getting some commitment from them, but I leaned over to Council Member Palmer because we have Jazz Fest coming up, and there's geofencing that's set up around Jazz Fest, right, because it's such a big event, and there's so many people, and we want to make sure that people can get to where they need to be, but there's not too much congestion as well. And so thinking about that, we sort of have been piloting it already, so to conceptually do that on different levels. And then, you know, as we also have major construction projects going on, too, I mean, look at Convention Center right now, Boulevard, as a perfect place. I mean, there are a lot of people who pass through there, and we've really made those roads more narrow, and, you know, the more traffic that we generate, not really from locals necessarily, but really from the TNCs that we can find better ways to get people to and from and take a burden off of people, I think, would be pretty welcomed by everybody. So thank you for bringing this to our attention. It would have been something, I think, intuitively, that you would have thought of, but it makes a lot of sense, particularly for people who's, as you said, their sole job is to get to some place and take all this equipment with them while they're going to their gig. Thank you. Great, thank you, Councilmembers. Any other comments? No, and we don't have any public comment cards. I think, Hannah, you took care of that from the musician side, so thank you very much. And just as a follow-up, I think it'd be great to have a focus group, and if Jen, if y'all, if safety and permits would be amenable to meeting with them and... Absolutely. Actually, your staff connected us last week, and so we're following up tomorrow... Rocking staff, great. Yeah, tomorrow's Wednesday. Following up tomorrow to sort of bang out some of the feedback that she's got and see what solutions we can reach without adding too much additional work or time to any particular group to make this effective. Great, well, thank you both so much. We appreciate your work on this. Thank you. Okay, next item on the agenda is the Connect the Crescent update, presented by Dan Favre. Dan, are you here? Who is the executive director of BikeEasy? And just to the public, we have the next two agenda items are dealing with biking from Connect the Crescent and then also the bike network analysis. So I'm going to do public comment after number five and just group them both together since we're all kind of discussing bicycles if that's okay. I think it might make us a little bit more efficient. All right, so some of my favorite people are at the table today. This has been a happy day so far. I'm going to turn this over to you, Dan and Rob, and if you all want to introduce yourselves so the greater public knows who you are and the work that you all do. Absolutely, so I'll just kick it off. I'm Dan Favre, the executive director at BikeEasy. I just want to thank you all for having us back. I know there's been a lot of conversation around safe mobility options lately and we really appreciate the forum. Of course, we have been working on Connect the Crescent for many months, I think over a year actually, all told, and this has been scheduled for quite some time. So even as we have experienced some, just such gut-wrenching tragedies recently, this is work that has been ongoing by BikeEasy and the City of New Orleans and many other partners in thinking about how we can create streets that are built to share and reorganize our roadways for everyone. So I do want to thank a lot of people that made Connect the Crescent possible from the 200 plus volunteers to many, many folks at the City of New Orleans, everyone on the steering committee, and of course, Rob Bell, who'll introduce himself in a minute, who is the lead organizer and Tara Tolford as well, who's here with us. So big thanks to everyone. Thanks for continuing to keep up with it via this committee and we're excited to share our findings and some recommendations with you today. Yeah, Robert Henig Bell, campaign manager of BikeEasy. Let Tara introduce herself. I'm Tara Tolford with the UNO Transportation Institute. I supported the evaluation component of this with our students and volunteers running out of UNO. So if there's any sort of questions digging into the data, you have the mainstream lined report, but there's also an appendix that really just gets into the nitty gritty of all of what we were looking into. So if there's any questions on that, I'm just here as a resource to support y'all. All right, so we, like Tara said and Dan mentioned, we are releasing our final report on the project. It was a three month demonstration of protected bikeways, new high visibility crosswalks and some transit prioritization elements, just trying to make this connected transportation network, a demonstration for everyone in New Orleans to see and experience, to connect folks from neighborhoods surrounding downtown to the downtown area. So we have a little presentation, but also this morning, we've released the full report and findings on a website, connectthecrescent.com slash report. So everyone can go and view this, all this data, these stories, these quotes, pictures, visuals, for folks to go through, kick the tires on and see what they have to, what their thoughts are. So let me begin. So we just wanna stipulate at the top that this is about, Connect the Crescent was about demonstrating that a way for folks in New Orleans to move beyond just relying on cars. If they wanna walk, they wanna bike, if they wanna ride the bus, that should be a safe, accessible and affordable option for them to do. And so that's stipulate at the top, what we're aiming to achieve, expanded mobility options for everyday residents. At the heart of that are protected bikeways that connects to one another, not having bike lanes ending at random places, not having both for people biking, for folks walking and for folks driving, have the infrastructure just sort of end at random places and then people being put into confusing situations. So the connection was at the heart of the effort. There we go. This was a collaboration between BikeEasy, 16 other community partners and organizations, as well as working with the administration, City of New Orleans Office of Transportation. And so it really was a great educational effort for us, as well as all the partners involved in the city as well. Some of the partners mentioned, a lot of health organizations, planning organizations, educational organizations here in town. It was, yeah, I said enough about that. So let me just move forward here. The scope, this was a very large project, two and a half miles of installations. All together, it took about eight days of, as Dan mentioned, 200 volunteers coming out, giving over 1100 hours of their time, free labor, really passionate people, coming out, knocking on doors, talking to businesses, talking to residents, and then going out in the early September heat to give a lot of their time, a lot of sweat to build this thing. So it just shows the amount of passion and support that exists across the community. So two and a half miles, trying to streamline some transit hubs, Basin Street Station, the Elk Place bus terminal. These protected bikeways went either directly in front of or connected to, or very extremely adjacent to them, maybe a block or two away. But that was a consideration throughout. New permanent crosswalks were installed in the Central City area on Simon Bolivar, as well as some temporary crosswalks. Here's the map. These four main areas is where the installations were located, coming from Mid City and Charmaine at the foot of Lafitte Greenway, is one of the most dangerous places to ride a bike or walk in the city of New Orleans. Many crashes, excuse me, fatal, well actually maybe not fatal, I'm sorry, but very intense injuries have occurred in that spot. A lot of dangerous incidents occur coming off of the highway there. And connecting to Central City, through the- Robert, just one question on that. Can you kinda describe the boundaries of the most dangerous area there again? Yeah, okay, so at Basin, coming from the interstate, the off-ramp there, there's that very awkward off-ramp that where people coming in from Orleans and coming around and then the interstate lets off there directly into crosswalks and where people biking are exiting or entering the Lafitte Greenway, which happens to be our best, most safe bike facility in the city. So a lot of things are just coming to a head right there at Basin Street, St. Louis Street, and where Orleans turns into it there, and then Toulouse Street going directly into the French Quarter. Do they happen with the same frequency, daytime and nighttime? Do we do that? The crashes? Yeah. I don't have that data, so I don't know. I hear a lot about people going to work in the mornings and having problems there, but I'm sure it's not much better at night. It sounds like it's just a flow issue and everything flowing into one thing at once. Have you all, do you have any data on whether lighting or new actual physical infrastructure would help the most? Do you have any thoughts on it? Well, the summation of this whole project is just that at certain dangerous points, having the physical protection there. So whether that be a planter, the flex posts that we use in this project. Seamint car, something. Yeah, something to, and other visual cues, signage, actual, they have that crossing there just a little above where the yellow blinking lights. So if a pedestrian or a biker could push the button and actually have it stop the car traffic, that would be quite advantageous. I've often wondered, I know on Broad Street, whether the feed greenway pass is close to the pumping station. There's a lighting there. However, that lighting is so close to the track itself or to the path itself that if you're noticing it then, you're too late to really do anything. Is there any, do you have any thoughts about maybe having some other signage, a block away, a half a block away, approaching a bike path or things like that to sort of set some cues up before people get close to where people will be? I think that'd be one approach. Another that I know in some other cities on the roadway itself, the lights that shine up. So you don't have to look to the side. Right, if you're looking at the street and out of your own, you're gonna see that lighting. So there's definitely more that could be done. I don't know if we have anything else. I think that the most critical thing at that location specifically is speed. Part of what we looked at was vehicle speeds. That's what kills people. If we can find any manner to slow folks down as they're getting off the interstate and come around that curb, that's what's really gonna be the biggest thing I think in improving safety. Got it, thank you. So I'll try to speed through the rest of this here. So yeah, many, many volunteers came out. Huge effort, not just for the installation. I wanna be clear about this. For some demonstrations like this that really are advantageous for the city as a whole and for neighborhoods to consider making changes, you have to maintain these installations. For a project of this scope, that was a big lift for a group like Bike EZ and our volunteers. So we did have some issues with that. There were some striping that came up in the central city area that was difficult for our volunteers to get out there all times a day. And then to go back out to pull things off the ground, it was a lot of labor. But we did get it done and got it done on time. So we're proud of that. Some of our volunteers, again, a huge effort, but a lot of people have a lot of good experiences out there together. So our goals were to improve safety, to improve connections, to collect a lot of valuable data, both for us as advocates, but also for the city, to educate the public and to just to have folks experience new higher level, better types of biking and walking infrastructure. And it was a success on those fronts. And let's just underscore that when you talk about improved safety, you're measuring that safety for all modes of transportation. vehicular, pedestrian, and bike. This isn't just limited to bikes. And I think that's really important to underscore. Yeah, yeah, thank you. That's definitely the case. And we did see that in cities, 911, 311 calls, in particular on the Barone Street corridor. As we moved from summer into fall, when there's just more activity in general, the entirety of New Orleans and other parts of the city saw more crash calls coming into 911 and to 311. But where we did these installations with protected bikeways, we saw a decline. And in particular on the Barone Street corridor, the rest of the city, more crashes coming in, but in this area, less were happening. And that's very significant and something we would expect to see anywhere protected bikeways are installed. So safety. Yeah, and we also saw a reduction in speeding everywhere. Protected bikeways were installed. So the average or median, excuse me, TARA did the study. The median speed remained the same, but the top speed, the dangerous illegal speeding was reduced everywhere these installations occurred. We improved connections. And the way that that manifests itself was that we saw increased ridership throughout the network. So anywhere from 20% to around 80% increase in the amount of people riding. And we also saw that in the types of people, more women. Women was the number one thing that we saw, but we also saw more locals in the central city area riding and going underneath the bridge, which is something that we hear a lot of folks afraid to do as bike advocates. So creating those connections were vitally important. And valuable data that we collected. So obviously, well, maybe not so obvious, but it became obvious that the overwhelming amount of people who bike in New Orleans approved of this project, 85% of the almost, getting close to a thousand folks, we had 876 people fill out a survey, and 85% plus supported what we were doing with this. Both the details, the overall approach. And we, in the report, and if you go online, you'll see we have the corridor by corridor breakdown. So Barone, the Lafitte Greenway connection, all of these have slightly different ratings. So people who are biking or driving, what their thoughts were, but this was very popular amongst folks who ride every day. But not just bikers. We also had 76% of people surveyed, who drive a car every day, said that they support this project, Connect the Crescent, and that's broken down corridor by corridor. So it fluctuates a little bit. Folks who might have a little bit of trouble familiarizing themselves with getting in and out of a car in a certain area, we did see that on Barone Street. So there are some adjustments to make, but people who drive every day, still found this to be an advantageous thing for both ourselves to be doing, but for the city to be considering. Can you just highlight that one more time? I think that it's a big point, I don't wanna gloss over it. A lot of times you will have, maybe whether it's somebody who's blogging, or responding to a story written in the paper, and that voice seems really loud and really angry. And so you think, man, you've got motorists against cyclists and pedestrians. Can you just highlight, cause 76% is a pretty big number, right? And it's, anecdotally, talking to the people I talk to, I think no one wants to be that person that hits someone. You gotta live without the rest of your life. So I think we just hit that one more time. I think it's worth mentioning. Yeah, it's a bit of a false narrative. We're all pedestrians, many of us, I mean, I drive. At some point, right. Yeah, well, we all are walking, we're all on the sidewalks, on the streets. Obviously, people feel insecure as bikers, but a lot of people driving feel insecure and feel like there needs to be a little more clarity about how the streets are laid out so that each of us know where we're supposed to be on the roadways. But yeah, we all share these identities. It's not a fixed, you know, me versus you situation. And we have seen that in this report from our in-person surveys and our online surveys. And remember, we're taking the bicycles out of the vehicle lanes, and that's what makes the vehicles feel much more safer as well, right? So Councilmember Williams is absolutely correct, and thank you for highlighting that. It's a big issue that people understand this is a multiplier benefit to what we're doing here. Yeah, creating simplicity on the roadway. I'm over here, you're over there, and it's all easy to understand with good design. Another bit of information, you know, we wanted to think about who was actually using this, and I think some of the most significant findings that we saw in this process was that women were the most supportive of the changes that we made. Wanting to see these temporary installations made permanent at roughly 7% higher rate of saying, yes, that's great, I feel more secure, make that permanent. And we saw that on every single installation that we did, Algiers, Ferry, Barone Street, Central City, the Greenway Connection, and we think that's significant because we wanna take the ridership from what it exists, how it exists today as, you know, folks who are willing to take a little bit of risk to mothers, fathers, young kids, seniors, everyone to have that extra sense of security. So that was a big factor, a big finding. From African American respondents, there was a little bit of a divide between folks who actually bike versus only drivers. So we did see that, but again, we have some real numbers to sort of flesh that out to go beyond just the anecdotal evidence. So where women were 7% more likely than want to see the changes made permanent, the entirety of the African American respondents that we had said we're 11% less. However, 82% of African Americans who bike wanted to see the changes made permanent. So there's this divide, who is actually biking. And I'm sure there's some other systemic issues that speak to that as well. When you start talking about the areas where we have improved the infrastructure for bicycle travel, those aren't the poorest or neighborhoods. And there are a number of African Americans who are overrepresented in our poorest folks. So I mean, I think there's other social systems at work at that number as well. Yeah, and I found it very helpful to go through this and you see differences in who's responding online and then when we're actually going out there and talking to folks. But I just hope that we can make progress both in the work that you're doing and the work that we're doing to break down some of this. These people bike, these people don't bike. So we just have some work to do, but 82% is a strong number. And I think we can build on that. So just some lessons learned here. It takes a lot of work to collect a lot of data and make sense of it. And we hope the city doubles down on that. So a small nonprofit like BikeEasy doesn't have to do all this every few months, but it was a lot of fun. And our recommendations, I'll let Dan take over from here. Yeah, thanks Rob. So coming out of this, we learned as it's clear, this is a quick overview. We spent a lot of time digging into this thanks to everyone who helped out and some high level recommendations came about. And I think there's even more listed in the report that's available at the website. The first recommendation is one that the council has also made and we've talked about a bunch, but we really want to see the complete streets policy for the city of New Orleans updated to include a focus on equity and ensuring this conversation that we're having now about where investments are being made. Let's make sure that we're connecting the people who need the most to opportunity and improve mobility options in the neighborhoods that don't have them. And so you do that equity focus and it needs to be through a data driven and transparent process. And that's what we can set up with the right complete streets policy to make sure that we're measuring progress against established metrics and that shared publicly on a regular basis. And I think that with the right metrics, we can really make some good progress. So looking forward to continued work and getting that complete streets policy updated. More specifically to the bikeways, as I think was pretty clear, and we made the point here that really good bike infrastructure benefits everyone on the roadway, even if they never ride a bike, from reduced traffic congestion to increased safety and just improved quality of life for most folks, these livable streets, it's really, it's not something that's just for the biking public, it's for everyone. And so to make that work properly, to get that good bike infrastructure, we need to create connected and protected networks of bikeways so that it's clear, the space is organized clearly for everyone, no matter if you're walking, driving or biking, no one's ending up in incomplete or confusing situations to navigate. And that's really where it comes to this network idea and being connected and protected. One thing that we definitely learned a bunch about was the process of community engagement and just how much mobilization is needed to ensure that everyone is part of developing these ideas and making sure that they're informed, notified and continuously in the loop as changes are being made to the roadway. We did a lot of hard work, we were out knocking on doors, talking to businesses, but we had trouble reaching the big condo buildings and all the residents within the condo buildings. And so that was a real learning for us and something that I think as we continue to do our work and we recommend for, as the city continues with its good work in improving and reorganizing roadways to ensure that that community engagement and education and notification is, that there's enough resources put into that. For Barone Street is where we actually are gonna make a specific recommendation as there was so much talk about Barone Street. And we really did hear from a lot of folks and as people were bringing up issues, a lot of the problems that were identified are easily solvable through design. And so we think that the best way moving forward is a parking protected bike lane on Barone Street, but sticking with the one way would allow us to reduce the size of the bike lane a little bit, increase the size of the parking lane, as we heard from a lot of people driving that getting in and out of their cars became really difficult, because they felt scared by it and it was slowing traffic down. So if we expand the size of the parking lane a little bit, it'll make it easier for people getting in and out of their cars. We can still have a safe protected bike lane that is adjacent to the curb and protected by that row of parked cars. It just means that we need to figure out the right protected bike lane going the other direction through the CBD to enable folks from Central City and uptown to actually get to the job centers and the CBD in the French Quarter. We think the best idea for that is O'Keefe. Of course, all these issues need to be analyzed and decided on together. It's about a transportation network. These transportation networks are very complicated. We did see increases in traffic congestion on Barone Street during peak hours, but that was influenced by so many factors from the Convention Center construction to the metered on ramps at the interstate and signal timing. So we do wanna make sure that there is a real network approach and that we're thinking through this in a comprehensive way, but specific to Barone Street, we really think that the one way parking protected can be the best to serve all the people on the roadways, whether biking, walking, or driving. Great. Can I ask one question? Sure, absolutely. Councilmember Williams. Is there a best practice or a sort of municipal standard in terms of the distance for that car door opening? I know we got some weirdly small streets compared to cities that aren't 300 years old, but I'm just wondering what. Yeah, there's this small, we were definitely following recommendations and all the changes that were made on the roadways for Connect the Crescent, again, working very closely with City of New Orleans Department of Public Works. So it followed the standard guidelines from the Federal Highway Administration and the National Association of City Transportation officials. Some of those are pretty small. The perception from folks, while it totally fit the guidelines, the perception was that the parking lane was too small. So that's really responding to community feedback and public engagement. There are specific guidelines at a lot of different levels of government. We're excited, I'm excited to hear from the City of the Administration coming up next to hear, I think folks are digging into what should our guidelines be in New Orleans? What fits our unique streetscapes here? But I think that having an eight foot parking lane might be a little too small for situations like that. So if we could expand it by a foot or two, then it just really creates a lot more comfort for people getting in and out of their cars. And we would still have enough space for a one way parking protected bikeway with a buffer that as a door swinging open on the passenger side, it's not going right into people biking on the street. But this idea of what the standards are and what the guidelines are is really important. I think especially as we move forward, hopefully with rapid implementation of more protected bikeways throughout the city. Thank you. Thank you. Great, thank you all so much. We appreciate it. You all have done a fantastic job and we've learned a great deal. And so this dovetails nicely into the next, which is a bike network analysis by the Administration. So if we could please call them up to the table. Thank you very much, y'all. No, thank you all, great job. So we're gonna have a presentation by Ramsey Green, WCAO, Laura Bryant, Director of Transportation, Keith Legrange, Director of Public Works, and Jennifer Rooley, Public Works Project Manager. I just want to publicly thank the Administration in coming here and discussing the work they've been doing. They've been leaders since they came into office on really promoting the health and safety of our city, especially when we talk about children and families. And this really, I think, underscores the work that they've been doing throughout the city. We'll give them a little bit of time to come to the table and set up. Oh, besides what it was, I got two link. I'm sorry, Ms. Bryant's probably still over at the RTA meeting? Yes. Yes. I figured that might go a little long. Thank you, Councilwoman, for your time. No, please, thank you all so much for coming. Please introduce yourselves. And I see that Commander is here. Commander Noel, thank you so much for joining us. If y'all would please introduce yourselves. And I'm just gonna turn it over to you. Thank you, ma'am. My name is Ramsey Green, Deputy CAO for Infrastructure for the City. Paul Noel, Deputy Superintendent, New Orleans Police Department. Keith Legrange, Director of Public Works. Jennifer Ruhle, Department of Public Works. So I'm gonna just do a quick introduction, Councilwoman. First off, thank you so much for having us here today to talk through a major priority of the Cantrell administration, which is building better bike infrastructure and enforcing applicable laws to both motorists and cyclists. We brought a lot of folks today because we take this issue seriously. And one thing our mayor says on a day-to-day basis is no silos work together. And we are on a day-to-day basis closing the gap between operations of city government and public safety. And I think that's why we appreciate, A, this opportunity, but B, we're approaching this in a holistic, comprehensive way. And it's an important issue. So right now we have, at the table, we have Jennifer Ruhle, who oversees the implementation of our bike infrastructure within the Department of Public Works. Keith Legrange, who's the Director of the Department of Public Works, and Deputy Superintendent for Field Operations, Paul Noel, who you all know. A few things I want to sort of highlight for the committee before we fully get started is that this is an issue between both safety as an incident, like on Esplanade Avenue, which I think precipitated us here today. I will just say personally, I'm a cyclist. I'm in the process of trying to get my four year old off of training wheels. I am also a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania, where a number of the folks wounded on Esplanade were alums. And I was a big supporter of the Lafitte Greenway before I took this job, and Bike Easy. And we take this responsibility deeply serious. And I think what you're seeing today is us coming here to both listen, but also to tell you what we're doing because we didn't recently start this work. And Councilwoman, I really appreciate that opportunity. The first thing is we're taking this comprehensively. Laura Bryan is not here. She's our Director of the Office of Transportation, which Mayor Cantrell started immediately after taking office. The purpose of that office is to coordinate between all the various departments that have some piece of transportation and the delivery of transportation services to the city. She's actually in an RTA meeting right now, which is still going. Number two, we have a lot of stuff, frankly, in development that we were more prepared to roll out publicly in April. With a series of, and Councilwoman, you know Andrew Sullivan's been a part of the, it's been called the final mile, but it's transitioning to a different name, which is Move New Orleans Bike, which is going to be released in April. We take the charge of building safer streets seriously. And as you will hear, we are putting this information not into just planning, not into just talking about it, but to actually build safe bike infrastructure and to enforce the laws that are related to it. Jennifer Roolie is going to talk a good bit about it. And Councilwoman Palmer, in your agenda, you make reference to the tool design work. She's going to show you a lot of that information. That's what you'll see in the PowerPoint. And finally, again, we're rolling out Move New Orleans Bike in April. We have a series of public meetings, which is a great opportunity for the public to comment on the work that we're doing as an administration. And we really appreciate this opportunity, frankly, to come out with it and publicly say it. I'd like to turn it over to Chief Noel to talk a little bit about the enforcement as an introduction, if you're okay with that. Thank you. Thank you so much. And Laura Bryan has now joined us directly straight from the RTM meeting. So thank you so much, Ms. Bryan, for being here. Good afternoon, Councilmembers. Thank you for having me here today. I just want to emphasize the fact that the New Orleans Police Department, we take all traffic matters very, very seriously. Traffic actions, we take that seriously. Pedestrian safety and bicycle safety as well is something we take very, very seriously. Right now, we're in the process of educating our police officers on the different bicycle laws that we have to enforce. There's been bike lanes that have sprung up all over the city. And just like our citizens who need to be educated on how to interact with bicycles, our police officers also need to be educated on how these laws apply in different situations. So our police officers are starting to undergo training. One example of that is on April 16th, some of our police officers are going to undergo a one day training. So they'll spend half the day in a classroom learning about traffic engineering and about enforcing bicycle laws. The other half of that class, they're actually going to get on a bike and actually ride around throughout the city to actually get a bird's eye view. Actually, the class is called a bike's eye view, is what the class is called. So it'll give our officers an actual view from that cyclist. And I think that's going to be really eye opening for our police officers. So that's our first step. Once we get our police officers trained on the various bicycle laws and ordinances, then we're going to have those officers start that enforcement. We're already doing some enforcement already for people riding in bicycle lanes. But our police officers really need to be educated on the right of way and how the vehicles interact with these different bike lanes. We also take DWI very seriously as well. Last year we made 858 DWI RFs throughout the city. And we noted that there was a DWI that was involved in the fatality that happened on Esplanade Avenue. And while we normally lead the state in our number of DWI arrests, and that is something to be proud of. But it's also shame on the city for that many people in the Wal-ins that decide to drink and drive. And we shouldn't have to make that many arrests with ride sharing and the ability of people to be able to get rides home without drinking and driving. So while we're going to continue that enforcement using our police officers on the street and traffic checkpoints, I think it's also equally important for the city to continue to educate the public on bicycle safety on how to interact with bicycles and also to not to drink and drive as well. Because we have entirely too many DWI arrests in the city. Thank you. Thank you so much. I'm just going to pop in here real quick. We worked with the community in Algiers and worked with the 4th District to fundraise and buy six bicycles for that department. And that came from the commander. I mean, Commander Ruffin, we went to him and said, what can we do to assist you? And he really wanted a bike patrol, because he felt that was really important, a lot for community policing as well. And putting police in the neighborhoods in a smart way. And so we're committed, my office is committed to ensuring that that happens with all of our commanders if they so want to do that. I appreciate that. Is there also talk when we talk about parking and bike lanes and those kinds of issues about training the PCOs? Because I think that to me is where the police can only do so much and y'all are so busy. I feel like the PCOs are kind of like the missing link. That's the parking control officers, the ones that give y'all tickets. It seems to me if they were trained a little bit more thoughtfully, that could be a multiplier as well. We would be happy to incorporate them in our training if they so choose. Also, I think you made a great point. We have special events throughout the city where we have police officers on bicycles. Jazz Fest, we have a large bicycle patrol. French Quarter Fest, we have a bicycle patrol. The Super Sundays that we have, we have bicycle patrols. The 4th District, as you know, I'm up on a levy. I ride my bike up on a levy now, Giers, all the time as well. They're up there riding their bikes, and they have mounted horses up there as well. You always see our police officers on bikes on the feet greenway. So we have police officers on bikes throughout the city as well. As we educate them, especially around Jazz Fest, we're going to ask those police officers on bikes when they patrol in the exterior of Jazz Fest that they see violations of the traffic laws as far as with bicycle lanes and other things like that. Those officers will be expected to write citations for those vehicles. And that kind of rolls into my piece if you're ready, Councilwoman. I'm sorry, Councilmember Williams, did you want to comment now or wait? If I could, it's slightly off topic, but it's timely. In terms of the typical thing that our police department is guarding against and protecting us from during the carnival season, Command, I just wanted to applaud you. I think Mardi Gras was extremely successful. We typically do a debriefing on it. You certainly would have had a room full of police officers had there been an era on the police department. But I wanted to give you an opportunity to really just explain to the public just how well it went. I know there's a anecdotally, I think Frank Young was in his car and he heard some some guys who were trying to get into some trouble. And they were looking for a place to do it. And the phrase was something like, man, if we could just find a place where they weren't some police, we could have this fight. But unfortunately, you all had a presence that wouldn't allow that to go down. So I just want to give you a couple of seconds to do that. And can I just before you butt in, maybe also talk a little bit about Saturday of Mardi Gras. The tremendous amount of work NPD has to do. I don't think people really appreciate this. I know, Ramsey, you were out on many of the routes and got the bird's eye view. And I'm committed to doing it next year. But NPD is in Algiers. Then they're on the uptown route. Then they're in Mid City. And I think we really need to have a really candid and real conversation publicly about how much that spreads our resources and what that looks like. That second Saturday is certainly very challenging for us. We have a parade right on the West Bank. We have uptown parades during the day. And then we have the Endymian Parade right in Mid City. And the uptown parade is still going when Endymian is starting. So that's a huge challenge for us because it was spread all over the city. On that Endymian Saturday, I was actually erecting barricades myself on Canal and Jeff Davis and Canal and Broad. I am literally the last line of the fence. There's no one behind me. So if I'm erecting barricades, we got some problems. So that day is obviously very challenging for us. We know it's very challenging. And we went over a lot of things that are after action that I think we continue to work on as a team. Hats off to the men and women in New Orleans Police Department. We have a new superintendent that came in. And I know there was some people doubting about whether we could continue to success. This was one of the best mardi gras that I could remember in the last ten years. And that really, really attributes to the hard work of the men and women in New Orleans Police Department. We worked under some really tough conditions. And like you said, Councilmember, behind that parade route, I ran a ride out on a Popeyes. We had police officers not only on the parade route, but on the backside of the parade route, and on Crandollette, and Barone, on those back streets. And people were trying to go back there and fight and commit crimes. And not only did we have plainclothes officers, we had surveillance, we had crime cameras, we had everything laid out. And that's absolutely true. Somebody was talking about Commander Young's car, but they couldn't find a place to go fight because we were everywhere. And I think, you know, years past we've had violence behind that parade route. And this year we had none. And that's going to be our template for every year, is to have zero violence behind that parade route. And again, I couldn't be prouder of the men and women in the police department and our leadership team. Just wanted to thank you. It goes to whether it's a new recruit or the leadership that was present. You all handled crowd control better than any other place in the world, in my opinion. We did have a new chief. And, you know, change is hard. People are scared when there's change. And it was exceptional. I just wanted to commend you for that. Yes, sir. Thank you. One question with regards to, I don't even know if you can answer this now. Best practices on DWI checkpoints. This is not about Mardi Gras. I know at different times of the year we will increase those. I know that there also was a decision at one point in time to actually advertise those. Let people know when they were going to be checkpoints to encourage people if they were going to drink to not drive. They use other means of transportation to find a designated driver. What are your thoughts on the volume of those, the frequency of those, the placement of those? And whatever is going on in Dallas or Atlanta or Jefferson Parish, New Orleans, it's a big easy. So, you know, I'm sure we have to do things a little bit differently. I'd like to know your thoughts on what we can do to encourage people to call a ride or walk when they're going to be drinking. Absolutely. So I have already spoken to my team about increasing the number of DWI checkpoints already. I think we really have a robust package already in approach to DWI. We do, you know, street enforcement. We do traffic stops. We also do checkpoints as well. I think one strategy is not better than the other. I think they are mutually exclusive. The checkpoints are good because I think it's a good visible deterrent. But I also like our random patrols as well as our police officers riding around, seeing somebody that they believe is impaired and conducting that traffic stop and making that arrest. We will increase those DWI checkpoints most likely through in 2019. The challenge that we have is how do we wrap those checkpoints around some of the major events that we have? Montagrass, we spread very thin. And the same thing with Jazz Fest and some of the other events. We really are spread very thin. And there's also the added challenge of when we're, Jazz Fest, for example, we were trying to get all of those cars out of that area. If we do a checkpoint in and around that, how are we going to affect the traffic? Yes, because it's real important for everybody to be able to get out of that, those different events as efficiently as possible. I can commit to in the future, our team is going to have those discussions and try to wrap those checkpoints close enough to those events where we can have an impact to keep people safe, but not affect the traffic flow. Have any negative impact on the event itself? Do you have any thoughts, Chief, on the concept of dedicating, like, let's say for Jazz Fest or French Quarter Fest, the concept of dedicating certain thoroughfares to motorist traffic and dedicating a parallel thoroughfare for pedestrian and cycle traffic so that we're completely separating those folks for those big events. Do you have any thoughts on how we can create some sort of, it's not concert flow, but some sort of system that gets people to an outlet to then disperse uptown downtown wherever they need to go, but separating and using different streets to do that? I think before I could answer that question, it would be really important to talk to a traffic engineer. I know they really look at the egress routes for those major events. I think it would probably be inappropriate for me to comment on that without actually having a team take a look at that and how would that affect our entire operation. For Jazz Fest and French Quarter Fest, we do a lot of things to cater to people riding bikes. We have the bike racks, the bike valets, and all of those different things. But as far as a dedicated route, I would really have to talk to the entire team about that. I'd like to get together with you all and do that and see if we can come up with a plan to do that. Because I would imagine at least as it relates to the motorist traffic, it would allow us to relieve officers on those other thoroughfares, if it's just pedestrians and cyclists, to maybe sort of direct that traffic and use our resources differently. But you're right, there's experts in the field. I'm not one, but I want to be at the table to see if we can find some solutions there. Thank you, Chief. I'm sorry, Mr. LaGrange. I wanted to echo Councilwoman Palmer on enforcement. I wanted to go over some of the internal and external things we're doing for enforcement as it pertains to loading zones, passenger zones, bike lanes, parking. At first, I wanted to talk internally. We needed to do a better job in leading by example and holding our own employees accountable. So what we did is we recirculated an old 2012 CAO memorandum policy, made every employee sign it, saying that they will be accountable and responsible for tickets, whether they're in their personal vehicle or a city vehicle. And that was also echoed to the PEOs in parking. So they know that if they're illegally parked or parked in the wrong places, they are responsible for that ticket. And then the memorandum also holds them accountable as far as paying in a timely manner. So we don't want our own employees having delinquent tickets. One thing that came up in social media this weekend was we had a tow truck parked in a bikeway. That person was written up. We do take these things seriously and we will handle them in a timely manner and handle them immediately. So another thing on enforcement, we're starting to implement the Curb U Study that was done in the CBD. What we did was we started communicating with habitual violators of businesses and commercial spaces that we know utilize passenger zones and freight zones for too long of a period or they use it for valet or they use it for parking. So we started communicating that. So the next piece that we're rolling out is changing the signage to specify a lot of time that they're allowed in that space. And enforcement, as the signs go up, enforcement starts immediately with the PEOs. Another thing we're doing is we're collaborating closely with safety and permits to allow their personnel to enforce ticket writing for taxi stands, construction sites, parking illegally and staging of materials. And with that, we also hired five construction managers for DPW for all of our road projects. And that specifically is for our own construction sites, DPW related projects, so that they can represent the city and the residents and enforce and hold contractors and engineers accountable. Can I ask a very rudimentary question? What is that enforcement in terms of the loading, the bicycle zones, if there's a car there, what does that enforcement look like? So no one is able to stop a motorized vehicle in a bicycle travel lane or a travel vehicle lane for any amount of period of time. I mean, I get what they're supposed to be doing and not doing. I'm saying when they do it, what do we do? What does your team do in that instance? What does the enforcement look like when someone violates? Sure. For the parking enforcement officers, they just issue a citation to the motorist immediately. For the construction managers, inspectors, they handle it, get the contractor to move. If not, then they call in the PEOs, they come and issue the tickets immediately. I guess what I'm thinking about and what I'm hearing, if you issue a ticket, then the vehicle stays there and they pay the ticket whenever they get around and pay the ticket. Would it be more prudent to maybe beef up our towing so that you don't necessarily have to have a parking enforcement person? It can be a biker or a journalist or a plumber who walks out and sees it and they could report it to a number. Toe truck comes, snatches it up, they've got to pay a hefty fine to get it out. I just think that sounds... I'd like to hear your thoughts on that. No, if the vehicle has a person in it, then obviously at that point they move it. We never had a tow vehicle with someone standing in it. No, of course. I'm talking about a vehicle that's parked. That's considered an abandoned vehicle and that is absolutely towable. I know it's towable. Everything's towable. My car is towable right now. My question is when do we tow it? How does that work? We tow it immediately. We would have to tow it immediately once it's in a travel lane as we do for any special events or any time someone's parked in a travel lane. Whether it's a bicycle lane or a vehicle lane, that car would be towed. How many tow trucks do you think we have right now? Five. We have five. For the city? For the whole city. So we're clearly not towing every vehicle in that instance. What would it take? Would it take a contract with a third-party record service to up our ability to immediately enforce those actions? Since five, certainly is going to get it. Look, I'm not looking for you to be able to say, I can do it now. I want to figure out how we can get to a point where we can respond. Absolutely. And what we're doing is in the 2020 bond ask, we're asking for additional vehicles. Four towings specifically. What that number of vehicles is, we're waiting on the finalization of the bond ask, but we are asking for more vehicles for towing to beef up. What we've also done is hired five additional tow truck drivers to rotate through the department to increase coverage. So some shifts somebody calls in, I wound up only having two guys on that shift, right? So we've hired four more. So even though we have five trucks, we only got two of them out there? It's per shift, right? So our goal is to have all five operating all day. So with that should come some additional additional resources to where we can get additional vehicles based on having more coverage. What's the timing on the bond issuance? We're going out this year. We're we actually are going to come to Councilmember Seton. I talked about this yesterday where we got all of our, pardon me, received every department request within the last two weeks. Councilman, so we're fine tuning that into just an amount of money by general category. And then I think we're going to come to you all for an April 11th. Councilmember said, I'm sorry, I'm going to use the wrong words. Whatever the directive you give that it's okay to eventually put it on the ballot for 2020. Got it. Yeah. But you will do it on the balance. If let me switch back to you. If Ramsey Green hits that mega million of that power ball next week and donates, you know, half of that to the city he loves so much. How many tow trucks would you like to have? Fifteen. And that fifteen would be working 24 hours a day with how many people per shift? That. Five. Five. That would allow us to staff a five man shift 24 hours a day. Five man. Five person shift, sorry. Five person shift. So if it's a five person shift and we've got 15 tow trucks, we're still only, it would have five. How many would be in the field? We would have the five that we currently have in rotation also. Okay. Because those are the newer vehicles. So 20. 20 total would be. And those 20 trucks would be in the field throughout the city. Are they dedicated or or or or station in certain in the five districts? How's that set up? We have zones and I can send you a list of all the zones and what they're currently man now and what that would would look like with the additional vehicles. And so we had 20 zone properly throughout the five districts. How quickly could a call be received and a vehicle be towed out of a zone? Should should be pretty, pretty instant. We wouldn't have to drive from New Orleans east to Algiers if that's where we were. 20 minutes, 15 minutes. I would say a reasonable time would be a response in 20 to 30 minutes. Thank you. To follow, Madam Chair. Yes, I'm sorry. Council Member Scott. To follow up on Council Member Williams's point. I think, you know, the administration has to make a statement on enforcement. I could tell you you could go out to Gentilly Boulevard right now and you see lanes, bike lanes being blocked in front of Norman Meyer Library. Right across the street in front of Liberty Bank and Dumas Dentistry. It happens. It happens numerous times and even TNCs and taxis parking. In bike lanes and in driving lanes. And so I think that the administration has to clamp down on. Making making it better for the pedestrian and the cyclists and. The everyday motorists, because it, it happens too often and it goes without consequence. Whether St. Bernard Avenue, Barone, Canal Street, the unloading of passengers is also an issue. So, but great point by Council Member Williams, I just wanted to throw that in. And we agree that we need more consistent enforcement in the freight loading zone specifically. And that's that all came to with the additional signage that's going in now. And then with that in return will be immediate enforcement of those zones properly. So they're not staged as valley spots or other things that we've been encountering. Great and just to also state too, I think it underscores. I know we're going to get back to I'd like to get to the PowerPoint that if we had a protected bike lane network that was highly effective and visible. Then we also wouldn't necessarily have to focus so much on enforcement, right? We have to have very well marked bike lanes. I think a lot of folks are parking in bike lanes that they don't know are bike lanes. And so when we talk about and we start showing what y'all are about to show us on the PowerPoint. That would really aid in people not parking in bike lanes when they're when they're marked, when they're protected, when they're painted green throughout the city. That will be a visual cue for people not not to park there. Because I know we would hate to give everybody tickets consistently and be better to have visual cues that people know that they're not supposed to park there. And so and I think that's huge on the education piece. You know, for for the public and and us as well. And with that, I would like to move to. Yeah, can we do the presentation pretty quickly if y'all don't mind? Because I also want to make sure we have to we have time to get to the street car. And public comment. So yes. Hi, I'm Jennifer Rooley, and I am managing a lot of the bike improvements in the city. And I wanted to talk to you a little bit about what we've been doing and what we are where we are going with these improvements and how we think about them. We have staff and public works who are also bicyclists. We're pedestrians. We ride transit and we're motorists. So we see it from the perspective of the users and it's important to us to carry those values into our work. So I wanted to talk to you a little bit. We're going to largely be talking about bikes here and bike safety. But I wanted to mention because it came up in the last city council meeting about some of the improvements we've done around pedestrian safety. We have done a lot of work to improve the alignment of resources to pedestrian safety. And so we have focused in on vulnerable users, pedestrians and bikes, pedestrians especially around school zones. We've added a lot of pedestrian signals to the street network. We've also added street lighting to make it easier for motorists to detect pedestrians at crossings. We've added flex posts, improved geometry of intersections, and added a lot of strip-ins. So I just want to point out that statewide we have a problem with pedestrian safety. We have a pedestrian safety problem here in New Orleans. The amount of pedestrian fatalities in the state of Louisiana is over five times the number of bike fatalities. So as we approach these solutions, it's important to think across all modes about vulnerable users. So with the bike network, next slide please. Here. Thank you. With the bike network, we're looking at the spectrum of different types of bike facilities depending on the level of traffic stress in the street. So you have anywhere from a bike boulevard, which is more appropriate on a lower traffic, lower speed kind of roadway, to a separated protected bike lane, which is intended more for a higher traffic, higher speed kind of situation. Right now we have nine protected bike lanes in progress. So these are either in design or in construction. Some people have noted the improvements going in on the Broad Street bridge. That will be a protected bike lane across the entire stretch of the bridge. And we will ultimately connect that bike lane into the existing bike lane that ends at Bienville. We also have a lot of protected bike lanes in the planning process, which I'm going to talk about in just a second. So as we think about the improving bike safety in the city, it's important for us to know where crashes are occurring. And it's important to know that the majority of our street network is our residential streets. The minority of our street network are your higher volume streets, your arterial roadways, that sort of thing. However, the minority of streets are causing the majority of problems, meaning we get the most crashes on the smallest portion of our network. So focusing in our resources on solving those problems is a really good use of resources. So the principles that we're using in approaching our bike network expansion as we think about upgrades, as we think of where we're going next with our bike network, is to focus in on five principles. These principles are to create a low stress bike experience for people of all ages and skills. We want to make it a connected network so that we can get people safely to their destination. We want to make it useful so we consider where are people going, and we want to ultimately increase the use of the bike network. We also want to focus in on equity and making this an equitable system. And then we want to deliver on it. We don't want to take years to study and plan and design these systems. We want to deliver promptly. And so looking at how we can realize efficiencies in our own process to build more quickly. So the analysis that we're doing currently on the street network is in collaboration with Tool Design Group. Tool Design Group is a national expert on bikeway systems and design. So we're looking at pulling the principles that I just mentioned into components of this analysis that will enable us to then measure our progress. So level of traffic stress is a concept that we're measuring. Bicycle network analysis is a new tool that the people for bikes has developed to assist communities in improving their bike friendliness. We're also looking at equity using new tools to improve their bike safety. We're also looking at equity using a new tool developed by the League of American Bicyclists called the Bike Equity Index. We're also looking at where's the demand? How are people currently using the network? And then where's the latent demand? And then we're looking at crashes. So this is an example of the analysis that's been produced so far of our existing street network realizing that we may have designated bikeways on certain streets. But we also have streets that are just more bikeable than other streets just by their nature. They're lower volume, well connected, that sort of thing. So the bicycle network analysis is actually scoring different areas of the city depending on how easily you can connect via a low stress street or bike facility to destinations. And there are a range of destinations whether they be core services or recreational. But note that separated bikeways like Greenways and shared use paths aren't always the areas that get the highest connectivity rating. So the areas in blue are the ones that mean it's higher. You have better access to low stress bike connections. We want to achieve blue wherever possible. The bike equity index is a relatively new tool. I think we're, besides Chicago, we may be one of the first cities to use this equity analysis. And we're looking at transit dependent populations as indicated by zero car households, children under the age of 18 and then adults over the age of 65. We're also looking at populations of people of color. Minority populations as well as lower income people living under the poverty line. So we're looking at how we can better connect people who have the need to connect to the bike network more easily to destinations. Here's a look at what has been produced with that analysis. So you can see that the darker red color is the area, are the areas where we would like to ensure that we're connecting users in a low stress bike facility to useful destinations. Whether that be the grocery store or a clinic or a job. We're also looking at bicycle crashes. Where do they occur? So the highlighted area shows a frequency, but furthermore, just looking at crashes doesn't really tell you much until you start looking at the severity of crashes. So we want to look at the life altering crashes where someone's life, their job. Can you flush it out for me? Because I don't quite follow that. What's that? You say you look at the severity of the crash, but I mean, that could mean how you land. I'm trying to figure out why how bad the injury is dictates that versus the car bicycle. So there's so many crashes that occur in the city that if you saw a map of all the crashes that occur, it's just dots all over the map. So we need a way that we can prioritize where those crashes are actually more severe and causing serious injury to either the bicyclist or other users of the roadway. So this enables us to really zero in on the roadways that are really causing the most severe consequences. And usually these end up being higher volume, higher speed roadways. High speed. And so realizing that fatalities are definitely an important issue, but also severe injuries can cause lifelong disabilities and income loss, all these kind of things, impacts on families. So we're aware of that. And this is the same approach that we used in developing the pedestrian safety action plan, if you recall. So this just enables us to really target in on those types of crashes. We certainly believe that all crashes are bad, but offender-bender versus having a spinal injury is not even comparable. I get it. I just think about fatal flaw for a lot of administrations throughout the country has been counting, having looking at a homicide rate rather than a shooting rate, which really, you know, that that you got good doctors. We have the best doctors in the world at UMC because they can save a life. But that doesn't mean somebody wasn't shooting at someone. So we're not as safe or we are more safe. And so when we start talking about that in terms of accidents, if a bike is hit by a car, whether it's crossing paths or merging, in my mind, I just want to make sure we aren't missing important intersections or tight areas because someone didn't break a bone. Right. And so it's really important to think of the crashes are just the symptom, but the causes, the underlying causes behind them are like to our talk for mentioned speed, wide streets and and and just after driving, things like that that we know occur in our street network. But we can find ways to systemically address those kind of issues by knowing the kind of factors, the common denominators involved in those and causing crashes. Could we also maybe add to that? I guess whatever that formula, as opposed to Jess, how badly somebody is injured, what citation, if any, was written by the police department? Because I hear of so many near misses or people getting thrown from a bike, but miraculously just landed the right way and they walked away from it. But it was all grace of God. It wasn't because it wasn't a bad area that needs to be looked at. Yes, we're looking at connecting all those dots. That's really important information. And furthermore, we know that there are a number of incidents that are not reported through crash reports where bicyclists limps away. A lot of most people walk away from something and they just they just so think they walk away. I mean, I've been in one, too. And so you don't call anybody because you don't have to go to the hospital. Correct. So and I'm about to wrap up, but we're also learning from others. We a number of folks had the opportunity to travel to Seville, Spain and learn about their system. They developed a system very rapidly that increased utilization by tens of thousands. So we know that there are others other cities who we can learn from. And in addition, a lot of us just borrow ideas from other cities where we think that something might work. We are constantly updating our inventory and best practices. So just like Councilman, you said you have a question now. Yeah. This is a good time. It's the last slides. I guess one of the questions I have is we have all this FEMA work that we're getting ready to work on. I know we're about ready to unravel 350 or 400 million dollars. You have bond money that's coming out. I guess what I just want to make sure is while we're focusing on bike safety and pedestrian safety that we don't get in the old trap of we did something that suits and water board comes. The street gets ripped up and then we have to repay the street again. And I'm sure Ramsey, you're thinking about all of it, but I just think it merits publicly saying, hey, we're we're thinking about walking and chewing gum and putting our hat on and doing everything that needs to be done simultaneously. So I just want to give you that form to say it out loud. We thank you for the opportunity to to say out loud that we certainly can't chew gum and walk at the same time with your hat on. What's that? That's good. But Councilman, I really appreciate you saying that because we actually were talking about that yesterday. As you recall, when we walked in the door, the joint infrastructure program was a couple of years behind. What I don't want to do, and we're very cautious of it, is delay projects to design the perfect project now. So as you well know, Councilman, the joint infrastructure program, $2 billion, it's broken into five waves. Wave one is in construction design. Wave two, we're putting into construction in the next three or four months. We needed to get that stuff moving. The good thing about bike infrastructure and Jennifer is our in-house expert. A lot of the deployment of making that better bike infrastructure is less to do with the surface infrastructure and the subsurface and a lot more to do with painting signs, enforcement, bollards, that kind of thing. We made a strategic decision on the Broad Street Bridge on the strength of the bollards that we put between the driving traffic and the cyclist traffic. That there was one plan one way, and you know what? We're hearing that this is a bigger issue, and frankly, it's really nice to have the council be a vociferous advocate for this. Because at times, advocating for more bike infrastructures can be a little tricky. But we also have a huge problem of surface and streets and drainage, as you well know. But I want you to know we're not going to let the perfect be the enemy of the good. And as we get into wave three, those are the things that I think we've told this, not this committee, but the public works one. We're looking at really innovative ways to have sustainability in that perviousness and concrete, bioswales and neutral grounds, etc. But we had to kick a lot of projects off before we could make them the way you would necessarily want them. The good thing about bike infrastructure is there's a lot we can do once the street is done that doesn't involve crazy digging in the way that you've seen in the past. Great, thank you all so much. Do you want to continue? Yes, so I- Do you have a couple more slides that are very important? Second to last slide. So under the Moving New Orleans Bikes Initiative, which we will be announcing in probably a couple days, we are going to be really accelerating what people see on the streets as far as producing low-stress bike connections. So we have our design standards and design guide that will be- that is being finalized as I speak. So these dates here are when we will finalize these products. We will be developing a citywide bike network plan, which will be finalized in the- this is actually the second quarter, 2019, this should be the final. So you're going to see the rapid development and engagement, community engagement around these issues in a very short, concise format. So we've never done anything like this so that we looked at business as usual and we said, how can we improve on it? So expect to see a lot of moving parts and a lot of community engagement going on all at the same time. So design will be complete in batches and then we're going to begin construction. So all the construction will end in the fourth quarter of 2020. This is a two-year project, roughly 75 miles and so expect to see a lot of improvements very soon. And then finally, we have community meetings coming up on this project, the Moving New Orleans Bikes Initiative. These are tentative dates, so I wanted to make sure that you understood that. We are establishing the venues for these dates, but we will be having meetings in every council district to discuss the bike network and improvements moving forward. So expect to see more from the city on the exact dates. Great. Well, thank you all so much. I love the whole public engagement plan as well. That's going to be super important. I'd like to get to- council members, I can't forget to public comment real fast. And we still have one item on the agenda, so I'm going to ask our comments to be kept within two minutes. First, we have Jeff Dye. Mr. Dye, if you could please state your name and your address and you have two minutes, sir. Thank you. My name is David Jefferson Dye. My address is 933 Wilson Drive, New Orleans. First off, cars are not a necessity. We can live without most cars in the city. Second, the big element that's missing from this discussion is strategy. There's no comment here. There's not been any- I support everything that's been said and I support these efforts. There's nothing here about strategy. Most people are spending over $700 a month on their cars. If we had 25% less people driving in the city, that's a lot of extra money that could be pumped into the economy. Second, when you have dedicated bike paths, the green way for example, property values go up. That increases the tax base. And third, if you've seen the news today, it looks like New York's going to be able to pass their congestion pricing. They're looking for $15 billion to be pumped into the tax rolls between now and 2024. Strategy is not a part of these discussions so far. Bicycle infrastructure in the city shouldn't be an add-on to car infrastructure. There should be affirmative goals for reducing the number of cars on the streets and putting more bicycles and public transportation in place of the automobiles. It's up to this council to make good decisions about this and there's- the drivers from other cities are not applicable here. We've got sea level rise, subsidence, climate change issues that put us in a different risk profile than Seville and many of these other cities. So I would encourage the council to start looking and the administration to start looking at bicycles as a strategic opportunity for the city, not just a necessary accommodation. Second, I would say that we already have infrastructure here. It's just being used by automobiles, people who have chosen to drive. In some cases, they need to, but in most cases, it's out of convenience. Five seconds. So thank you very much for your time. Again, I encourage you to think strategically, not reactively about these issues. Thank you. Next we have Mark Weiss. Mr. Weiss, we state your name and your address, sir, and you have two minutes. Mark Weiss, 5309 Annunciation Street. I am a AARP volunteer on their age friendly task force. The discussion today is critical to what was discussed in last week's meeting, the Complete Streets Program. One aspect which hasn't been addressed, and I noticed on the map, I live in an area where local connectivity is very good. What the map doesn't include is the quality of the street service. The quality of the street service varies from very good, for example, Jefferson, absolutely horrible on Annunciation Street, just uptown of Jefferson, finally, a great hole has been cemented over but not filled. So anyone driving, riding a bike down that street has space for one car. If there's parking, I don't even think a car could go by and certainly mixing a bike in. 30 seconds, sir. Is a problem. My concern is that this has to be an integral part of the monies and the consideration. We all know that infrastructure is critical and infrastructure is critical to both pedestrian safety. Five seconds. Trip and fall and bicycle safety. That's right. Thank you, sir. Next we have, please forgive me, I might not say this right, Robert Van Lengendock. Sir, you have, please state your name and your address, and you have two minutes. I'm Robert Van Lengendock, I live at 930 Earth's Line. I used to ride a bike, but I don't anymore. But anyway, I was wondering, like on the Esselenade, why don't they just use the neutral ground to put the bike past each way? Also, in Barone, did they just put a bike path over on the riverside of Barone Street? And I can only, the disadvantage I can see is the parking for the bikes. Surely they can walk them over to the parking side or the other side, the lakeside of Barone Street and park their cars. So that's my only comment there. I have other comments about other things. Do I get to talk about those later? Only if they're germane to the topic at hand, sir. Okay, thank you. Thank you very much. Next we have David Meza. Meza, please state your name and address, sir, and you have two minutes. David Meza, 2924 Dublin Street. I just want to thank all you council members, every one of the representatives from the different organizations in pushing forth this project. And it did come up, thank you council member Moreno, right before you finished. But my main topic was about storm water management. If we're implementing protected bike lanes where bike cars are part between the curb and the bike lane, certain drain water will not allow bikers to continue the process and may result in bikers having to come out between parked cars obstructing the view from regular traffic. I understand continuing the project and not stopping any hurdles, but I would encourage communications with the departments that go and clean storm drains. And also there's great volunteer efforts around cleaning out storm drains. I'm sure if they were aware that infrastructure was going to go along this route, they could mobilize and get efforts out there. And that's all. Thank you. Thank you so much. Next is Dean Gray. Please state your name and address, and you have two minutes. Dean Gray, 37101 Pine Street. I just talked to the officer leaving. I just wanted to reiterate to y'all, I was on Barone Street this week and could not ride my bicycle on Barone Street for more than 30 foot without a car coming into the lane behind me. And I got accosted by the downtown development district rangers and told that I had to leave before they called the police on me for stopping in front of a car that was riding in the bike lane. Because I stopped in front of the car, I was going to go to jail. So I approached seven different police officers in the city and every one of them told me the same thing. It's not illegal to ride in the bike lane until after the mayor pushes out this new incentive thing. I thought it's always been illegal. I thought it was always supposed to be enforced. It's not being, especially on Barone Street. So then garbage trucks. I called Sidney Torres about his garbage trucks blocking the bike lane. And he told me there was nothing y'all could do to him to stop his garbage trucks from being where they needed to be. Helping- 30 seconds, sir. That's all I have to say. Thank you. Next we have Dan Faver. Mr. Faver, please state your name and your address. You got two minutes. Great. Dan Faver, I live at 2011 St. Claude Avenue and work at Bike Easy at 2100 OC Haley Boulevard. And I just wanted to get up and say thank you so much to everyone, both from the council and everyone presenting today. I know that there's been a lot more focus on this work since the horrible events during Mardi Gras, but I know the work has been ongoing and a lot of thoughts been going into this. Mayor Ken Trail has been a huge supporter of mobility options, even from back in her days in the council. I've been on bike rides with her and her daughter, and I know that she's really committed to it. And it's great to see the commitment from the whole team here. So we at Bike Easy, speaking on behalf of our supporters and members, are committed to being part of this process with you all. And ensuring that there's really strong community engagement and that we're communicating. You know, we fight hard for better infrastructure, but we also do a lot of education work. We're actually working with to help facilitate this training with the NOPD. We do a lot of trainings for residents, both people who ride bikes and want to get those skills, and also people who drive and just are curious about how to do better around, you know, the new bike ways and things like that, and partnering with AARP, even Uber and Lyft, we've started we're doing work with in terms of education. So I really do think that this effort, it's great to see so much focus on it now, it is going to need a full community effort to make it work properly, to make sure that, you know, the safe mobility, safe and affordable mobility options are available to everyone. And we can tackle so many big challenges, whether it's public health, equity, safety, quality of life, job access and economic development. And of course, just, you know, I love seeing the smiles on people's faces and the joy of bicycling, whether it's young kids or older adults. And so, again, just wanted to get up and say thanks for all the focus. Looking forward to continuing working with you all to make our streets built to share and safe for everyone. So appreciate you. Thank you so much. And last we have Gabriela Alishiano. Alishan, I'm sorry. Please state your name and your address and you have two minutes. Gabriela Alassino. There you go. 4318 Dumaine Street. And here as a survivor of the Esplanade crash, a member of Broad Community Connections, and a sole cyclist in the city. So thank you all. This has been really helpful and it's exciting to see what the city is doing. And it's really great to see all the data that we already have from the Connect the Crescent Report to the DPW analysis. We have, I think it's clear, a lot of the data that we need to start taking action and indeed, like a lot of action is being taken. I really like the DPW values, Jennifer. And I think we discussed this, but it hasn't been clear that good infrastructure benefits everybody and that good infrastructure is intuitive. So it doesn't. So for drivers, they don't have to wonder where they're supposed to be driving. People are making mistakes. I exclusively bike and Uber or Lyft. I talk to every single one of my Lyft drivers about where they're supposed to be. And they just don't know. This isn't about right and wrong or good or bad. It's really just if our city is designed correctly, it'll be intuitive. Additionally, I saw two really alarming things this week. Usually around Broad Street, Dumaine, that coal area. I saw a girl almost get hit on a blue bike on the Broad and Lafitte Greenway intersection. She screamed, swerved. The bike slammed, the car stopped, slammed on its brakes in the middle of the intersection. That was on Saturday. That's a really high traffic area that needs to be addressed soon, if not immediately. And the other thing is I saw the lanes going in on Broad Street, which are painted green, which is awesome. But there's no signage as you're approaching the bridge to the changes. And it's very simple, I think, for us to put a light up board that says, watch out for bikers, traffic changes in process. To anything that's happening in the city. So that people are, we're doing that education as it's happening. There's simple solutions that aren't going to cost a lot of money, but that are going to be huge. And we just have to start doing those things immediately. Thank you. Thank you so much. We appreciate your comments. Council members, any other comments on that? Great. All right, thank you very much. Can I say one thing? Absolutely, please. So. This is Bryant. This work is work that we've been really focused on for several months now. And it's really exciting to get to share with you all what Tool Design Group is doing. The plan that we're getting ready to undergo, the planning effort that we get to do with the public. We hope that all the public stays engaged because what we're really looking for is a comprehensive idea of what we want the facilities to look like in the future. So that as these roads are getting repaved and reconstructed, we know what types of facilities go on those roadways. And this is, we're talking about the bike network now, but it's a huge focus of the administration and the mayor on all of our transportation networks. And you'll see that come out. We're coordinating closely with the RTA on this project. And we're hoping to work with them even more closely on their new links project, the Reimagining the Transit Network. And I think you'll find in the coming weeks, we'll also be launching a transportation strategy, the mayor's transportation strategy, her action strategy, and how to incorporate all these different components. And what you're seeing is a more collaborative approach to the work that we're trying to do behind the scenes. So having NOPD here, bringing Department of Public Works, working more closely with BikeEasy, with Ride, with some other folks, and with you all, and having your support is critical to getting this work done. So thank you. Thank you, Laura. And you bring up a great point. What we see too is we talk about intermodal connectivity. And when we talk about the bike network, we're also talking about connecting it to public transit. And people need to realize too that in our city, we still have a very large percentage of poverty, and that 20% of our population does not have access to a vehicle. And so when we talk about bike paths and we talk about public transit, next we're going to talk about the streetcar line. All of these things are interconnected, and we have to make decisions based on what is best for everybody, but that's not at the exclusion of someone. And so it's talk... And also we had a gentleman here from AARP. What we've also seen in other bike lanes, which is so important to have designated bike lanes that are clearly marked like green, that they are also utilized by disabled folks and by people in wheelchairs. And that is a huge issue for a city that lacks mobility access, especially a city that we have less than 40% of the same type of bus routes that we had prior to Katrina, and that we really need to focus on all forms of mobility, not at the exclusion of anyone. So again, I just want to thank the administration. Y'all have been doing an incredible job this past year, and I just really want to thank you for really highlighting and bringing equity to all levels of transportation and not at the exclusion of anyone else. So thank you very much for your work. All right. With that, next we have the discussion of the Canal Street Demonstration Project. I think Jared Munster is here, the executive director of the RTA. And can I just ask somebody from DPW to stick around too, just to make sure we... Keith, that would be fine if you wanted to stay at the table. Yeah. Well, whomever. Or whomever. Yeah, I know you may be very busy. You can designate somebody, Keith, if you'd like. So this has gone on long, and please forgive us. We do have a city planning commission meeting at 1 o'clock, which we're running into. Thank you, Jared. I put this on later in the agenda, because there has been a lot of communication, miscommunication, genuine concern from the surrounding neighborhoods that we wanted to address quickly and let you know that this is part of a process. And that's why we've asked the RTA to be here, to talk about that process and what it's going to look like as we move forward. I've also committed to Councilmember Gierusso and Councilmember Banks and Councilmember Sitts. All of our districts touch this very important line, that we will continue to have public meetings and we will make sure that everyone's voice is heard and that decisions are made based on really good, deep, thoughtful community input. And I pledge that to everybody here. And so that's why we're doing this. Again, I don't want this to seem truncated. I do want everybody to have a voice. But if we need to stop, we'll talk about it. But I am committed to making sure everybody's voice is heard and that we will have continual meetings as this process continues and that this is a beginning of a process, not the end of a process. So with that, I would like to turn this over to Mr. Munster. And if you could kind of quickly go through what this is and what precipitated this and what brought this on, I should say, and then we'll go from there. Absolutely. Thank you, Councilmember. And to pick up exactly where you left off, this is the beginning of a discussion. What people are looking at right now is an internal analysis that was performed so we would know what to present to the public. I'm sorry, Mr. Munster, could you speak into the mic? There have been a difficult time here. Yes, thank you. So again, what people are responding to right now is an internal analysis that was conducted looking purely at statistics. This is sort of our way of starting that conversation to say what are some solutions that could perhaps address this. The RTA takes full responsibility for the confusion that's been caused, that this has been called a pilot, that people are responding to something that they believe is going to happen next month with no input. We accept that responsibility. We apologize for the confusion that that has caused. This is truly an internal analysis. Right now, we're looking at starting that conversation with the public. We're going to be going to neighborhood organizations. We're going to be going to community groups, coffee on your corner, holding individual meetings that are based just on this topic. We want engagement. We want to hear back from people because that's how we build a better system to serve the city. So let's be clear. The internal analysis was done in order to then bring it to the public to have something to comment upon. That's exactly it because it's very difficult to go to the public and say we want to make the Canal Street car line better and have nothing else. We wanted to be able to come out and say we want to make it better. Here are our thoughts. Give us your feedback. The answer could be something that is not reflected in one of the four options that's in that analysis. But we needed a starting point. So I'm going to just sort of quickly go through the slide deck so we can get to any questions that the council or the folks in the audience may have. So this is the reason we're looking at Canal first is that it's one of our high capacity transit lines. And they share five main characteristics which are frequent service, extended service hours, the use of pre-boarding payment, have well spaced stops, and use extensive dedicated right of way or coordinated traffic signals. And that's the reason that we looked at Canal Street. I'm sorry, can you also state publicly how many people utilize this route and the importance of this route? Sure. This route is used by about three million people annually. It's about 17% of our total ridership. And 90% of those riding this line are local. So again, this slide, there we go, shows why we focused on Canal Street. This is the trunk of the Canal line that brings us up to Carrollton where the two lines split. And we looked at this because we are in a designated right of way. For the most part. We share it with all of the crossovers, but we're not sharing the travel lanes with traffic. So there were four options evaluated, essentially five, the fifth of course being do nothing. The first option is simply stop optimization. That would be 24 stops to be consolidated, no changes to the right of way, and a time savings of about seven minutes and five seconds. And as you can see here, it goes all the way to option four, which is the one that has had the most public response. That's where we would consolidate 31 stops. Stops would only remain at major intersections above Claiborne. Five auxiliary turns and all non-signalized intersections would be closed. And that would result in an approximate time savings of 12 minutes and 12 seconds on that trip. Which is about 35% faster than a trip currently for that same distance. So what are the next steps? This is where we are. Again, we have our internal analysis that shows what we think the options are to go out and make this better. The second step is listening, gathering more information from the community. And we completely understand if people can't make it to meetings. We have meetings during the day, we have meetings at night, but sometimes it just doesn't work for people to get there. So please email us your thoughts. You can use comments at nola.gov. I worked here too long. Comments at norta.com. Will there be an option when you say that they can make comments here? Will these comments be made public? They will be made part of the public record. We don't generally consolidate the comments and just post them publicly. We certainly can if that is something that the public would like to see. We have no problem doing that. And if you would prefer to email me directly instead of the comments email address, my email is jared.munster at norta.com. And I'm more than happy to engage in that dialogue with folks, try to answer questions as much as we can. But again, this is an internal analysis document and we don't have all the answers yet. And that's part of why we're starting this conversation. So as we move into the public outreach phase, we're going to be scheduling things through May of this year. We started last weekend at Hike Fest and we're going to include neighborhood association meetings, coffee on your corner, dedicated open house sessions, the rider's advisory committee which meets next Wednesday, April 3rd. That's usually going to be the first Wednesday of the month is the rider's advisory committee meets at 5.30 at our building on Canal. And we invite folks to follow us on social media or via our webpage for additional forums and information sessions that we're going to have as we go forward with this. Okay. And how long is, okay, it's through May of this year. So you're looking at two months of a public input process and nothing will happen throughout that period. That is correct. Aside from a lot of public engagement. Correct. Correct. And we're looking at two months. But I'm sorry. Can I weigh in now? I have my questions and I just feel like I want to just make sure we're all on the same page. I appreciate the fact, the apology at the beginning. And you know we've emailed about this at our office and I assume council member Banks office getting a lot of feedback on it. I guess what I just wanted to do is try and dispel some things that I think the neighbors are concerned about. Maybe try and preempt some public comment. First is, you know, this has been called a pilot or now we're really at a study stage. Is anything going to be implemented within the next two to three months? I mean, I know about talking and making sure we have conversation. That's great. But what I don't want to do is, all right, we stopped the clock May 31st and now June 1 we're going to implement the program. So what does implementation look like? Let's start there. Implementation if I had to put a timeline on it would be September at the earliest. Because essentially nothing is happening planning wise, interacting with public works wise, for the next couple of months. Because we don't know what the ask is yet. We don't know if we're asking public works to close off 20 intersections or if we're asking them to close off possibly four intersections. So essentially we are, for lack of a better word, on pause while we go through this process. All right. And I just want to make sure we got the pause part out on the record because I'd heard it, but I just wanted to make sure we got it. I think the second thing you've alluded to, which is closing the number of the streets that was presented, I just guess we want to make sure again on the record, to want to assuage concerns that there haven't been any permits issued for closing of streets. I mean, I think the answer is no, but I think we just do ourselves all service by saying it out loud. Sure, absolutely. They have not issued or asked for any permits or closure of any intersections at this point. All right. And then in terms of analysis, obviously there's some great figures in there about how many people use the line. Of course, you're affecting neighbors and businesses who are there potentially as well. Is there going to be an independent traffic study that's done for vehicular, bicycling, pedestrian folks as well to make sure we kind of have all the data at our fingertips? And I'm sure you see Keith nodding here. Yes, I know. It absolutely will. That was our first conversation with Public Works was that this will require traffic analysis, again, because this is a dramatic shift in the traffic flow of Mid-City. So we don't want to... Can you speak into it? Could you go back one or two sentences? Yeah. I think it's important for the folks in the back to hear. So this is a major impact to the traffic flow of Mid-City. So in order for us to even go to the city in good faith and say, we want to go try this, we need to have some baseline analysis of what it's likely to do to traffic. Now, the traffic analysis isn't perfect. No traffic analysis is. So what we are hoping to get to through this public engagement process, through revising based on additional data, additional comments, is a point where we can get to what would then be a pilot, that we can put something out there for four, six months and see what the actual impact is. Okay. So when you're talking about like a demonstration or a pilot program, so when you put something in effect, even then it wouldn't be permanent structures closing. It'd be something that could then be taken away if in fact it looks like it's not working. Is that what you're saying? That is correct. And that we've actually heard a lot of feedback on people don't like the Jersey barrier concept. But that's the reason is because we're not going to make permanent investment in closing intersections until we know that we're permanently closing intersections. I guess two things though. One is when will the analysis be done? The analysis, the traffic analysis? Yes, yes, sir. Over the summer would be my guess probably June. And I guess I'm going to say very cautious and that's a diplomatic way of saying it about piloting closing the streets because what neighbors here is, well, this is the first step into it actually happening. And I think once something happens, it's much easier to say, well, this is the way it is rather than pull it back. This council has been pulling stuff back. But I just pressing pause, but I just I just want to make sure we're vetting all of this. Yes. And then and would would y'all be amenable as well to like a bike pedestrian plan? Because if we're going to do a demonstration project along public transit, it would be great to also have one maybe on protected bikeways as well along Canal Street. We can see if that is something that we can cover. I think that it may not be feasible because a lot of the studies that we do are. Funded through federal dollars and they have limitations on how we can spend that. So it may be possible to include it may not. But we're happy to look at that as part of the. OK. And then real quick before we turn it over. Well, I know you have two more slides. Oh, I'm sorry. After you finish. I'll sum it up. I'm sorry, Councilmember Brussett. Did you want to say something now? Yeah, I'm fine. You can go. Jared, I just wanted to offer Councilmember Jerusalem and Councilmember Palmas. statements. Definitely a pause button is appropriate at this time with all the confusion. You all should be very cautious about reducing access for the public in our transit riders as it relates to this busy in very. The mode of transportation that can actually connects people to from all parts of the city. I think that if you have not already and you can answer this question, the study should also include evaluating the feasibility of an express bus, both canal, canal street, cemetery bound in river, river bound on canal. The absence of these stops, potential stops will cause great, great headache for many people who will have to travel many more minutes to get to a stop that is no longer there. And so that's that's one of my other questions. The feasibility of an express bus, have you considered that? That will be part of our alternatives analysis. And essentially the feasibility of the express bus is going to come down to the ongoing operational cost, but also the asset availability to run that because naturally the need for those express buses is going to be at the same sort of timeframe that the need around the city is also the highest. So we have to look at both the assets that we have available assets that are going to be coming online and the cost of the operations, but we will be looking at it. Another concern, how would a faster street cost speed affect the level of noise and vibration on the boundary properties? We do not have data to that effect. We're happy to look into that further, but based on the canal line being a much newer line the way it's constructed, the vibration is much lower on those streetcars than you would have on the St. Charles line, for instance. I'm no scientist, but it would seem that a higher speed would definitely enhance the vibration on canal. But I'm glad you're going to look at that. But I would also say it seems very short-sighted that the agency would contemplate closing this many intersections and crossings without doing a traffic study first. Can I just follow up real quickly to that point? We've used traffic study and analysis interchangeably. I just want to make sure we're talking apples to apples, because I think a study might be actually more full than an analysis, so I just want to make sure we know what we're getting. Jared, you said internal analysis in your comments and traffic analysis. What has been done to date is purely internal. It's based on standardized data. It's based on data that we capture through our passenger information systems in the vehicles. We know how long, for instance, the dwell time is at a given stop. We can average out that if you eliminate X number of stops, you're going to save X times, however many, seconds in travel time. That's what this analysis is based on. It's essentially a pure statistical view of how to optimize a system. What we're going to do in terms of the traffic study at this point is we're going to take our cue from DPW. DPW tells us is what is needed for them to properly and fully evaluate the closure of these intersections is what we're going to produce. That I have to defer to DPW on what exactly that number is. Also, I think we're talking about two. Different sections of Canal Street might have different needs. I think it's crazy when you look at the map on how many stops there are from Clayburn to the river. That, to me, is so congested. It may be that we can tweak where the areas are that are probably causing more issues. I think we're probably fixating a little bit on the closures, but not also on the other techniques that could be utilized that might prevent closures or moving forward, such as the way we take tickets, which can often be slow. We might be able to gain more time on that. I think we lost over that, that people understand, and signalization. Do you want to just talk a little bit that there are other things that you all are looking at that could also save significant time? I think that is exactly key to it. It's two different conversations above and below Clayburn. Below Clayburn, it's really about stop consolidation, how to get people on board the vehicles faster. Above Clayburn, it's how to get the vehicles moving at roughly a traffic rate of speed. When Councilmember Set brings up a point about speed, what are you all talking about in terms of speed? I believe we estimate that it would hit about 20 miles an hour versus approximately seven that the streetcars average now because there are so many crossings and so many stops. They can't actually get up to a cruising speed. That's where that closure analysis began. Will we also have signalization? We are looking at ways that we could possibly integrate traffic signal prioritization for the vehicles. That would be part of anything that we are going to look at. Could you explain that to the public? I'm sorry. I don't mean to keep popping in, but sometimes we get wonky and people don't quite get that. When you talk about signalization. In this case, the traffic signal prioritization is if a streetcar is approaching a major intersection, that light may stay green a little bit longer or the red may be a little bit shorter than it otherwise would be to keep that transit line moving. There is also what we have in some places along the canal line now, the dynamic no left turn signs that illuminate as the streetcar approaches. We are looking at that. We have also heard from folks we should look at having arms that can come down to block traffic. That is not likely something that we would pursue just because the ongoing cost of maintenance of people running into those arms gets exponentially greater. However, we will be looking at national best practices in modifying light rail lines as we go forward through these next few months. Great. Thank you so much. Do you want to? Madam Chair, I am just finishing up. Thank you. Jared, how did you determine that 80% of wheelchair riders would be unaffected by the proposed stop changes? That I cannot speak to right offhand. I don't have that full report in front of me. I think that's important that you get to us. I will get that answer to you definitely. I believe that comes from an analysis of general ridership survey that looks at the user groups of our paratransit system versus our fixed route system. I can definitely get that answer. Similarly, how did you determine that less than 10% of wheelchair passengers would not travel more than one additional block to reach a street car stop? Again, I am going to have to get back to you on that one as well. Did you survey the wheelchair users? I did not know. I don't believe that a survey was actually conducted. I think it would be in the best interest that you all do. Absolutely. We certainly will reach out to our STS group that is reflective of our disabled community that we aim to serve with the same caliber of service as the rest of the passengers. We have no problem reaching out to these groups. Any group that wants us to come speak to them, any group that wants to reach out to us, we are more than happy to have those conversations with. Thank you, Madam Chair. Thank you. Is there anything else that you would like to state in closing? No, that was the last slide for me. Great. Why don't we go to public comment so we can get over to state planning commission. Again, I just want to publicly state if we need, we are going to see how this public process goes. We are very much in contact with each other up here on the council. We are more than willing to have as many meetings as we have to to ensure and we will be looking in on the public process. I don't want you all to feel like this is moving too quickly today either. First we'll have Kimball Schlafly. Mr. Schlafly. We're going to try to get everybody within two minutes, please. If you could please state your name and your address and you have two minutes. Kimball Schlafly, 121 South Genoa Street. Thank you for hitting the pause button. I hope that the traffic study and its scope of work and what it is going to look at will also be made public before entering into a contract so that we can all look at it. We are suspicious. We had to shine the light on this problem. The study had the implementation of Mayor June and absolutely nothing was happening until we got involved in this thing. We would like to stay very much on top of this. Also when you talk about street closes, let's look at the economic cost, the construction cost. If you're going to think about an idea, let's also know what the cost is for the permanent solution when you think you're going to close a lot of street. That's a lot of money and maybe it's better to buy another street car. Thank you. Thank you so much. I'm sorry. Mary Logston? Is that correct? Please forgive me. If you please state your name and address and you'll have two minutes and after that we'll have Alex Porsky come up, please. Good afternoon. My name is Mary Logston. I live at 124 South Solomon Street and I appreciate the opportunity to be able to express my concern and I think RTA is also listening because several things that were said in the past are now slightly changing. I am concerned about the distance that people will have to walk, the additional distance when they say 12 minutes is saved on street car time. They're not taking into consideration the amount of time that it takes to get to the street car. I'm talking as an elderly citizen with a bit of a walking problem but also I see many young mothers carrying babies and strollers and groceries and to ask them to walk additional up to a quarter mile more I think is unreasonable. I think closing of the intersections is going to cause a terrific strain on businesses but just citizens. I mean if you want to go to the University Hospital and you live that side how do you get over there? I mean I don't think it has been thoroughly studied and I'm glad that they're no longer talking about May and June and having community input at convenient times for discussion, not at 10 o'clock or 1 o'clock but in the evening hours or on Saturdays. I think that is important. Thank you. Thank you very much. Alex. And before Alex gets up here do you want to say at that point I know RTA is coming to MCNO on April 8th. Yes sir. Yeah so I think that's an at night meeting and I appreciate the fact that RTA is going to be there at a neighborhood meeting. Absolutely and just on the- You're publicizing that as well aren't you through your media networks? That is going to be on our website that will be pushed out by our social media and we are going to be reaching out I believe today to virtually every other neighborhood association across the city to essentially offer to come give a presentation and answer questions. Great. Thank you. And I'm sure the council members would love to help you with that too and giving you groups and organizations to meet with. We'd love to be partners with that. Yeah I mean Jared I sent energy yesterday in my neighborhood meeting list because that was one of my frustrations is I've got questions about smart meters so I'm absolutely happy to send you are so you have the names dates everything that you need. That would be terrific thank you. All right I'm sorry with that Alex please state your name your address and you have two minutes. Alex Pazorski 1625 North Villary also the executive director of Ride New Orleans we work for world class and equitable public transit for the New Orleans region. Wanted to thank RTA wanted to thank council wanted to thank the mayor's office for actually having this discussion we don't do studies or propose fixes for something that's actually working and unfortunately the transit system overall in the street car is not working. You all know the ride stats we cite often that your average on New Orleans with a car can reach eighty nine percent of the region's jobs in 30 minutes or less. Take that car away the average New Orleans and can only reach 12 percent of those jobs in that same 30 minute time period. Lots of things we need to do about this a really important one is figuring out where can we make the biggest impact. Now Streetline so we talked about 17 percent of total ridership in the system in 2017. Connects to every single line outside of the 108 Algiers huge connector for everybody in every neighborhood but it's not working 34 minutes on average going from Carrollton to Harrah's two point seven miles that is not acceptable transit that's not going to work for what riders need to see. Having this discussion having this process over a couple of months is a really important discussion to be having. There's going to be a lot of back and forth a lot of meetings. We're looking forward to that but just one in the remaining. I was quicker than I thought but do you want to just say thank you all very much for having this open discussion having an open mind. Thank you so much Alex. Next we have Marie Ola Oleges. Please forgive me I'm so sorry Miss Marie and then after Mary is Mary missing. Angela. My name is Marie Oleges I pronounce it Oleges and I live at 136 South Cortez. That's one block off canal street. I don't use the streetcar regularly but when I do I think there are lots of improvements that could be made operationally before we start going into strategic plans that cause so much confusion in our neighborhoods. So I'm just going to give you one scenario other people would like to say something else other things and I don't have to sit talk to that. So consider this situation I'm driving okay between Carrollton and Jeff Davis we will not be able to make a turn. All right. Jeff Davis they have that's going to be open that's where we'll be able to board the streetcar and right at that intersection we also are able to make a left turn if we want to go to the Whitney bank. So we walk we drive in towards the river here taking a left we have to dodge the streetcar we have to dodge oncoming traffic in opposite direction. We have to dodge the traffic coming from exiting from the Whitney bank right there and then we hope we don't have an accident just so that we can get to the Whitney bank and at the same time we have a bicycle path going across canal street. So just picture that after people have not been able to turn left since Carrollton and 30 seconds and that's enough right now everybody else will be having their say and say what I think too. Thank you so much. Next we have Mary and then Phoebe Ferguson and then Mary Howell. Again please state your name and address please and please forgive me if I did not pronounce it correctly. I'm Mary Mies and Gubala and I understand. I have in front of me about 500 signatures of people who like myself are strenuously objecting to the RTA proposal for the canal street pilot program. It would close 18 of the streetcar stops in 20 of the intersections without traffic lights between Carrollton and Claiborne and this is going to cause us a lot of problems. There are five major issues that I'd like to bring up. One is the lack of involvement of and input from the residences and businesses that are impacted by this area. It's really going to make a major problem for a lot of us and we have widespread concern about this. Secondly, there's been very poor documentation and explanation in the flawed RTA study that claims to save riders 12 minutes per trip but does not account for the inconvenience and increased time to get to and from the reduced numbers of stops especially for elderly, mobility impaired and parents with small children. Third item is the harming part of the transit system that's currently working well to get residents and business patrons and tourists to and from home, work, groceries, etc. All of which is not only expected by current residents but by the many new residents that will be moving into the large apartment complexes being built on Bienville and the Lafee Greenway that have also been promised all of this easy access. Thirty seconds. The next problem is the imperative need for a real traffic study before walling off most of Canal Street like Tulane Avenue used to be which will impair free access to our vibrant mid-city neighborhood. It will affect homeowners insurance rates as well as increase transportation problems, limit access to fire, police and emergency vehicles. Fifth thing is the lack of consideration for less disruptive alternatives to this high capacity transit like express buses. Thank you so much. We appreciate your time. Thank you. We appreciate you. Next Miss Phoebe Ferguson and then Mary Howell. And Miss Ferguson please state your name and your address and you have two minutes. Hi, good afternoon. My name is Phoebe Ferguson. I live at 302 Hillary Street. I'm here on behalf of the Plessy and Ferguson Foundation. We are here to express concern about the issues of equity and transparency regarding the proposals on Canal Street. You have already addressed some of the problems that existed before this meeting today in terms of misinformation which caused a great deal of, you know, great deal problems for people in understanding what was actually happening and when they were going to happen. But we'd like to say that, you know, to remove these stops will greatly affect many riders, especially those with disabilities, to easily board and travel to their destinations. Many local citizens who travel the Canal Street corridor are trying to get to the new medical centers and fewer stops would make that more difficult. Public transportation in New Orleans needs to work for everyone. So we must add options for more expedient travel rather than disenfranchise those who must have stops closer together. Much of the elderly population depends on public transportation. Walking those extra blocks on Canal Street during the summer months could put those citizens at great risk. We understand that the RTA- 30 seconds. Maintaining comments and feedback from the community and other stakeholders and that no decision has been made at this time. We support your efforts to be transparent with those whose lives would be altered by these changes and ask you not to rush a decision-making process. Thank you. Thank you so much. Next we have Mary Howell. Ms. Howell, please state your name and your address and you have two minutes. Yes, thank you. Mary Howell, River 205, South Towne, Ohio Street. Thank you for having this hearing and letting us talk about today. Let me tell you what you have here very succinctly and quickly. You have a deeply flawed process, a deeply flawed study, and deeply flawed recommendations. We have been drilling through the numbers on this. Do not rely on this study. And I think that RTA is beginning to realize this, that the things that are left out are as bad as the things that are in there. There's no traffic study done yet. There's been misinformation that this would only cause one to two minutes problems with motorists. That's not correct. It's not correct. The other thing we asked about the accidents on the line, there is no data in this study about the accidents on canal because they combined canal and St. Charles. We've asked for the accident studies just for canal. We've asked if the special areas that are a problem need to be addressed. We've gotten none of that data. We've had a terrible problem getting access to information and that has been really difficult process all the way around. The first thing we learned about this in the neighborhood was in the newspaper. That's bad. That's bad. And what has happened is major stakeholders have been left out. The neighborhood associations were left out, the businesses, the residents, homeowners. I have not talked to a single person yet who knew about this ahead of us reading in the newspaper and telling them about it. And if this is to be a pilot, but what's going to happen with the other high capacity transit corridors, this is a do-over. This seriously is a do-over. And you need to make sure that people are included in this. The second question I asked is, does this help the people in the east? That's what I've been hearing in 30 seconds. The people in the east, there are terrible problems there in terms of people being able to get to work and having access to jobs, et cetera. Every single person I've talked to said this does nothing for people in New Orleans east. There's an urgent crisis there that's not being addressed and instead we're devoting time and energy here. So I would ask you all, we have a lot of details that I can share with you about what we looked at in terms of the study that is done. It is flawed. Do not own it. Do not rely upon it. Four seconds. And the big issue here is to take the big picture and solve these problems and we're counting on you all to help us do it. Thank you so much, Ms. Hall. We appreciate it. Also, I see that Mr. Mark Raman is in the audience. Would you like to make a comment? I know you're on the RTA board. Thank you so much for being here and observing. Again this is to give us time and we wanted to just press the pause button to make sure because of the miscommunication that we've had on all sides that the RTA is going to have a very robust public input section for over two months is what we're hearing. And I think somebody brought up a really good point is if we can also make sure that the information is always put out there in the public realm as well as we're getting reports in and studies in, we really want to make sure that the community is made aware of that. And that certainly is our goal. Again we have a dedicated page off of norda.com dedicated to this improvement analysis and as additional data is compiled as we are receiving feedback, we'll be updating that page so people can keep their eye there. Great. Because I know it was really important. I think Councilmember Separab had a really good point too. It's like we need to show where you all got that information from in terms of disability numbers and how people are affected and how they're not affected and what that looks like. Because at the end of the day I think everybody in this room is united in knowing that transportation is really what's going to move our city forward and we have to have an equitable and fair transportation system. And when we look at this line, this line does touch everybody in the city. I know you don't like to say that Algiers is not connected, but it is connected, right? Because the ferry from the 106 goes to the foot of Canal Street and we all know that the streetcar is not well served, especially if you look at the foot of Canal Street to say Claiborne. We know that takes way too long. And so I think we need to look at it holistically and not just through, you know, I know everyone gets anxious when we hear street closures, but I think thank you for being here and explaining that there are going to be so many other techniques that the RTA will be looking at because we do need to create a system. Right now we do not have the same transportation options for everybody that we have. And we also know that it does affect New Orleans East because they come in on broad and they transfer from broad to the Canal Street streetcar and from the Canal Street streetcar they get to work. And so when we're talking about three million rides a year, that's a lot of folks. And we know that this city is about equity. And I think we just need to make sure that the public is all together in this conversation so that we can have a great transportation system because our city will not move forward unless we can have options for all of our people. And right now we have places out in New Orleans East, which is over an hour wait time between buses. One of the number one reasons people lose their jobs is because they are late for work. And this is happening also in Algiers. And to talk about having a bus rapid transit on Canal Street is not going to happen because we cannot take buses away from these communities. So we have to figure out how these massive infrastructure projects that have cost millions upon millions of dollars on certain parts of the city like Canal, like St. Charles, like North Rampart and St. Claude, how can we really make them utilize so that we can move people in a smart way without alienating folks that live along the corridors. And so we're all going to work together to make sure that happens, to make our cities stronger and more equitable because we are forcing people out further and further from the urban core. Further out from mid-city, it's unattainable for folks. Further around the Claiborne line, further around along the St. Claude line, and we know that St. Charles line isn't affordable. So where are people coming from and how do we make it usable for all of our people in the city? And I think this is going to be a really good option as long as everybody's at the table and we're having conversations and we're having really good studies done. And just a very brief to close, we do have the New Links comprehensive operating analysis that is looking at service across our entire region, Jefferson Parish, St. Bernard Parish and Orleans Parish, and how we move people better throughout all of those areas. But additionally, the RTA's 2019 budget included 19 separate budget line items for service improvement projects. And one of those we are closely looking at trying to find a way to implement within the year is increased service on the, oh, the numbers are escaping me. It's the Reed Crowder and the Morrison Express. Great. And we know that we're also looking at, I know we're looking at creating some pilot programs on late night owl buses that are going to connect hospitality workers to areas like New Orleans East and Algiers, which is also a problem. Great. Well, thank you all so much. My pledge and this council's pledge is to ensure that the community is at the table and that we're going to make this work for all of our citizens in this city. So thank you all very much. Thank you for being here. Thank you. With that, do we have a motion to adjourn? Are we the last of the Mohicans? Council Member Stott? I second. Can we make it work? All right. I seconded it. Do we have another council member? Are they in the back? It's just us. Can we adjourn? All right. Well, just not voting on anything. Thanks so much. Meeting adjourned.
